777:2xvfb-run --auto-servernum '--server-args=-screen 0 1024x768x24' nosetests --verbosity=3 --exe -s statsmodels
 in dir /home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv (timeout 1200 secs)
 watching logfiles {}
 argv: ['xvfb-run', '--auto-servernum', '--server-args=-screen 0 1024x768x24', 'nosetests', '--verbosity=3', '--exe', '-s', 'statsmodels']
 environment:
  HOME=/home/buildslave
  LOGNAME=buildslave
  MAIL=/var/mail/buildslave
  PATH=/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/local/games:/usr/games
  PWD=/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv
  SHELL=/bin/sh
  TERM=xterm
  USER=buildslave
 using PTY: False
,10001:0nose.config: INFO: Ignoring files matching ['^\\.', '^_', '^setup\\.py$']
/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/vector_ar/var_model.py:339: FutureWarning: The names argument is deprecated and will be removed in the next release.
  "removed in the next release.", FutureWarning)
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrayDataFrame.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrayDataFrame.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrayDataFrame.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrayDataFrame.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrayDataFrame.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays1dExog.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays1dExog.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays1dExog.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays1dExog.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays1dExog.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays2dEndog.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays2dEndog.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays2dEndog.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays2dEndog.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays2dEndog.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestConstant.test_array_constant ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestConstant.test_array_noconstant ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestConstant.test_pandas_constant ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestConstant.test_pandas_noconstant ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameArray.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameArray.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameArray.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameArray.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameArray.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameList.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameList.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameList.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameList.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameList.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrames.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrames.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrames.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrames.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrames.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestListDataFrame.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestListDataFrame.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestListDataFrame.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestListDataFrame.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestListDataFrame.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestLists.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestLists.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestLists.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestLists.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestLists.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingArray.test_drop ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingArray.test_endog_only_drop ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingArray.test_endog_only_raise ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingArray.test_extra_kwargs_1d ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingArray.test_extra_kwargs_2d ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingArray.test_mv_endog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingArray.test_none ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingArray.test_raise ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingPandas.test_drop ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingPandas.test_endog_only_drop ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingPandas.test_endog_only_raise ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingPandas.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingPandas.test_mv_endog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingPandas.test_none ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMissingPandas.test_raise ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsArrays.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsArrays.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsArrays.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsArrays.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsArrays.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsDataFrames.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsDataFrames.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsDataFrames.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsDataFrames.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsDataFrames.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestRecarrays.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestRecarrays.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestRecarrays.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestRecarrays.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestRecarrays.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesDataFrame.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesDataFrame.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesDataFrame.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesDataFrame.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesDataFrame.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesSeries.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesSeries.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesSeries.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesSeries.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesSeries.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestStructarrays.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestStructarrays.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestStructarrays.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestStructarrays.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestStructarrays.test_orig ... ok
Fix Issue #206 ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_optimize.test_full_output_false ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleGLM.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleGLM.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleGLM.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleLogit.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleLogit.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleLogit.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleNegativeBinomial.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleNegativeBinomial.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleNegativeBinomial.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleOLS.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleOLS.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleOLS.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPicklePoisson.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPicklePoisson.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPicklePoisson.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleRLM.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleRLM.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleRLM.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleWLS.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleWLS.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleWLS.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.compatnp.tests.test_collections.test_counter ... ok
statsmodels.compatnp.tests.test_itercompat.test_zip_longest ... ok
statsmodels.compatnp.tests.test_itercompat.test_combinations ... ok
statsmodels.datasets.tests.test_utils.test_get_rdataset ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestCVXOPT.test_cvxopt_versus_slsqp ... SKIP: Skipped test_cvxopt since cvxopt is not available
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestL1AlphaZeroLogit.test_basic_results ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestL1AlphaZeroLogit.test_tests ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestL1AlphaZeroMNLogit.test_basic_results ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestL1AlphaZeroProbit.test_basic_results ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestL1AlphaZeroProbit.test,5104:0_tests ... ok
SKIP
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1.test_nnz_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1Compatability.test_bad_r_matrix ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1Compatability.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1Compatability.test_df ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1Compatability.test_f_test ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1Compatability.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitL1Compatability.test_t_test ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.smoke_test_resid_response ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_count_dummy_dydxmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_count_dummy_dydxoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_count_dydxmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_count_dydxoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_dummy_dydxmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_dummy_dydxoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_dummy_exog1 ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_dummy_exog2 ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_dummy_eydxmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_dummy_eydxoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dydxmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dydxmedian ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dydxoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dydxzero ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dyexmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dyexmedian ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dyexoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dyexzero ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_exog1 ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_exog2 ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eydxmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eydxmedian ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eydxoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eydxzero ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eyexmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eyexmedian ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eyexoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eyexzero ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_pred_table ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_resid_dev ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_resid_generalized ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_resid_pearson ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_zstat ... ok
,10001:0statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitL1.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitL1.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitL1.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitL1.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitL1.test_nnz_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitL1.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitL1Compatability.test_bad_r_matrix ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitL1Compatability.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitL1Compatability.test_df ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitL1Compatability.test_f_test ... SKIP: Skipped test_f_test for MNLogit
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitL1Compatability.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitL1Compatability.test_t_test ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_endog_names ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_j ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_k ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_margeff_dummy ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_margeff_mean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_margeff_overall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_pred_table ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialGeometricBFGS.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_lnalpha ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1BFGS.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_lnalpha ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB1Newton.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_alpha ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2BFGS.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_alpha ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.test,720:0s.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestNegativeBinomialNB2Newton.test_zstat ... ok
,10001:0statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonL1Compatability.test_bad_r_matrix ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonL1Compatability.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonL1Compatability.test_df ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonL1Compatability.test_f_test ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonL1Compatability.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonL1Compatability.test_t_test ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_margeff_dummy_overall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_margeff_overall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.smoke_test_resid_response ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_pred_table ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_resid_dev ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_resid_generalized ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_zstat ... ok
SKIP: Skipped TestProbitBasinhopping since basinhopping solver is not available
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.smoke_test_resid_response ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_pred_table ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_resid_dev ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_resid_generalized ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1.test_nnz_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1Compatability.test_bad_r_matrix ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1Compatability.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1Compatability.test_df ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1Compatability.test_f_test ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1Compatability.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitL1Compatability.test_t_test ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.smoke_test_resid_response ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_pred_table ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_resid_dev ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_resid_generalized ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.smoke_test_resid_response ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_pred_table ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_resid_dev ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_resid_generalized ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.smoke_test_resid_response ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete,2596:0.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_pred_table ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_resid_dev ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_resid_generalized ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.smoke_test_resid_response ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_pred_table ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_resid_dev ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_resid_generalized ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestSweepAlphaL1.test_sweep_alpha ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.test_perfect_prediction ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.test_poisson_predict ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.test_poisson_newton ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.test_issue_339 ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.test_issue_341 ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.test_iscount ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.test_isdummy ... ok
test_StepFunction (statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_ecdf.TestDistributions) ... ok
test_StepFunctionBadShape (statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_ecdf.TestDistributions) ... ok
test_StepFunctionRepeatedValues (statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_ecdf.TestDistributions) ... ok
test_StepFunctionValueSideRight (statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_ecdf.TestDistributions) ... ok
test_monotone_fn_inverter (statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_ecdf.TestDistributions) ... ok
statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_mixture.TestMixtureDistributions.test_mixture_cdf ... ok
statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_mixture.TestMixtureDistributions.test_mixture_pdf ... ok
statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_mixture.TestMixtureDistributions.test_mixture_rvs_fixed ... ok
statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_mixture.TestMixtureDistributions.test_mixture_rvs_random ... ok
statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_mixture.TestMixtureDistributions.test_mv_mixture_rvs_fixed ... ok
statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_mixture.TestMixtureDistributions.test_mv_mixture_rvs_random ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_aft.Test_AFTModel.test_beta0 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_aft.Test_AFTModel.test_beta1 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_aft.Test_AFTModel.test_beta_vect ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_aft.Test_AFTModel.test_betaci ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_aft.Test_AFTModel.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_anova.TestANOVA.test_anova ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_ci_corr ... ok
Same strategy for skewness CI ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_ci_mean ... ok
This will be tested in a round about way since MATLAB fails when ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_ci_skew_weights ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_ci_var ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_joint_skew_kurt ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_mv_test_mean ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_mv_test_mean_weights ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_test_corr ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_test_corr_weights ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_test_kurt ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_test_mean ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_test_mean_weights ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_test_skew ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_test_var ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_descriptive.TestDescriptiveStatistics.test_test_var_weights ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_origin.TestOrigin.test_ci_beta ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_origin.TestOrigin.test_hypothesis_beta1 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_origin.TestOrigin.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_origin.TestOrigin.test_params ... ok
All confidence intervals are tested by conducting a hypothesis ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionNM.test_ci_beta1 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionNM.test_ci_beta2 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionNM.test_ci_beta3 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionNM.test_hypothesis_beta0 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionNM.test_hypothesis_beta1 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionNM.test_hypothesis_beta2 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionNM.test_hypothesis_beta3 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionPowell.test_ci_beta0 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionPowell.test_ci_beta1 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionPowell.test_ci_beta2 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionPowell.test_ci_beta3 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionPowell.test_hypothesis_beta0 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionPowell.test_hypothesis_beta1 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionPowell.test_hypothesis_beta2 ... ok
statsmodels.emplike.tests.test_regression.TestRegressionPowell.test_hypothesis_beta3 ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaDict.test_design ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaDict.test_endog ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaDict.test_endog_names ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaDict.test_exog_names ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaDict.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaPandas.test_design ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaPandas.test_endog ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaPandas.test_endog_names ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaPandas.test_exog_names ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaPandas.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaRecArray.test_design ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaRecArray.test_endog ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaRecArray.test_endog_names ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaRecArray.test_exog_names ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.TestFormulaRecArray.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.test_tests ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.test_formula_labels ... ok
statsmodels.formula.tests.test_formula.test_formula_predict ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_standar,8617:0d_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_tpvalues ... ok
,10001:0statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_missing ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.test_prefect_pred ... ok
Regression test for mutables and class constructors. ... ok
Test violinplot and beanplot with the same dataset. ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_correlation.test_plot_corr ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_correlation.test_plot_corr_grid ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_factorplots.TestInteractionPlot.test_plot_both ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_factorplots.TestInteractionPlot.test_plot_pandas ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_factorplots.TestInteractionPlot.test_plot_rainbow ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_functional.test_banddepth_BD2 ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_functional.test_banddepth_MBD ... ok
Test fboxplot and rainbowplot together, is much faster. ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_gofplots.test_qqplot ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_gofplots.test_ProbPlot ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_gofplots.test_ProbPlot_comparison ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_gofplots.test_ProbPlot_comparison_arrays ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_gofplots.test_qqplot_2samples ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_gofplots.test_qqplot_2samples_arrays ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test_data_conversion ... SKIP: Skipping test: test_data_conversionTest skipped due to test condition
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test_mosaic_simple ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test_mosaic ... SKIP: Skipping test: test_mosaicTest skipped due to test condition
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test_mosaic_very_complex ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test_axes_labeling ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test_recursive_split ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test__reduce_dict ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test__key_splitting ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test_proportion_normalization ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test_false_split ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test_rect_pure_split ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test_rect_deformed_split ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_mosaicplot.test_gap_split ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestABLine.test_abline_ab ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestABLine.test_abline_ab_ax ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestABLine.test_abline_model ... can't invoke "event" command:  application has been destroyed
    while executing
"event generate $w <<ThemeChanged>>"
    (procedure "ttk::ThemeChanged" line 6)
    invoked from within
"ttk::ThemeChanged"
ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestABLine.test_abline_model_ax ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestABLinePandas.test_abline_ab ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestABLinePandas.test_abline_ab_ax ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestABLinePandas.test_abline_model ... can't invoke "event" command:  application has been destroyed
    while executing
"event generate $w <<ThemeChanged>>"
    (procedure "ttk::ThemeChanged" line 6)
    invoked from within
"ttk::ThemeChanged"
ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestABLinePandas.test_abline_model_ax ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestPlot.test_plot_fit ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestPlot.test_plot_oth ... can't invoke "event" command:  application has been destroyed
    while executing
"event generate $w <<ThemeChanged>>"
    (procedure "ttk::ThemeChanged" line 6)
    invoked from within
"ttk::ThemeChanged"
ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestPlotPandas.test_plot_fit ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestPlotPandas.test_plot_oth ... can't invoke "event" command:  application has been destroyed
    while executing
"event generate $w <<ThemeChanged>>"
    (procedure "ttk::ThemeChanged" line 6)
    invoked from within
"ttk::ThemeChanged"
ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_tsaplots.test_plot_acf ... ok
statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_foreign.test_genfromdta ... ok
statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_foreign.test_genfromdta_pandas ... ok
statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_foreign.test_stata_writer_structured ... ok
statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_foreign.test_stata_writer_array ... ok
statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_foreign.test_missing_roundtrip ... ok
statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_foreign.test_stata_writer_pandas ... ok
statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_foreign.test_stata_writer_unicode ... ok
statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_foreign.test_genfromdta_datetime ... SKIP: Skipping test: test_genfromdta_datetimeTest skipped due to test condition
statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_foreign.test_date_converters ... ok
statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_foreign.test_datetime_roundtrip ... SKIP: Skipping test: test_datetime_roundtripTest skipped due to test condition
statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_pickle.test_pickle ... ok
Basic test, test_SimpleTable_1 ... ok
Test SimpleTable.extend_right() ... ok
Test SimpleTable.extend() as in extend down ... ok
Basic test, test_SimpleTable_4 ... ok
test_regression_with_tuples (statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_table.TestSimpleTable) ... ok
test_celldata (statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_table_econpy.test_Cell) ... ok
Limited test of custom custom labeling ... ok
Limited test of custom html_fmt ... ok
Limited test of custom ltx_fmt ... ok
Limited test of custom txt_fmt ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_generic_mle.TestMyPareto1.test_minsupport ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_generic_mle.TestMyPareto1.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_generic_mle.TestMyPareto1.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_generic_mle.TestMyPareto1.test_ttest ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_generic_mle.TestMyParetoRestriction.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_generic_mle.TestMyParetoRestriction.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_generic_mle.TestMyParetoRestriction.test_ttest ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonMLE.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonMLE.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonMLE.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonMLE.test_ttest ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonOffset.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonOffset.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonOffset.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonOffset.test_ttest ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonZi.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonZi.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonZi.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonZi.test_ttest ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_tarma.TestArma.test_fit_ls ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_tarma.TestArma.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_tarma.TestArma.test_smoke ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_tarma.TestTArma.test_fit_ls ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_tarma.TestTArma.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_tarma.TestTArma.test_smoke ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_tmodel.TestTModel.test_basic ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_tmodel.TestTModel.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_tmodel.TestTModel.test_fitted ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_tmodel.TestTModel.test_formula ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_tmodel.TestTModel.test_smoke ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_tmodel.TestTModelFixed.test_smoke ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kde.TestKDEBiweight.test_density ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kde.TestKDEEpanechnikov.test_density ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kde.TestKDEGauss.test_density ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kde.TestKDEGaussFFT.test_density ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kde.TestKDETriangular.test_density ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kde.TestKdeWeights.test_density ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariate.test_continuous_cdf ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariate.test_continuous_cvls_efficient ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariate.test_continuous_cvml_efficient ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariate.test_efficient_notrandom ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariate.test_mixeddata_cdf ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultiva,31:0riate.test_pdf_continuous ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariate.test_pdf_mixeddata_CV_LS ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariate.test_pdf_mixeddata_CV_ML ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariate.test_pdf_mixeddata_LS_vs_ML ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariate.test_pdf_ordered ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariate.test_unordered_CV_LS ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariateConditional.test_continuous_CV_ML ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariateConditional.test_continuous_cdf ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariateConditional.test_continuous_cvml_efficient ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariateConditional.test_continuous_normal_ref ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariateConditional.test_mixeddata_CV_LS ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariateConditional.test_mixeddata_cdf ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariateConditional.test_pdf_continuous ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariateConditional.test_pdf_mixeddata ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_density.TestKDEMultivariateConditional.test_unordered_CV_LS ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_regression.TestKernelReg.test_censored_ll_cvls ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_regression.TestKernelReg.test_continuous_cvls_efficient ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_regression.TestKernelReg.test_continuous_lc_aic ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_regression.TestKernelReg.test_continuous_mfx_ll_cvls ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_regression.TestKernelReg.test_continuousdata_lc_cvls ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_regression.TestKernelReg.test_continuousdata_ll_cvls ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_regression.TestKernelReg.test_mfx_nonlinear_ll_cvls ... SKIP: Skipping test: test_mfx_nonlinear_ll_cvls
Test doesn't make much sense. It would pass with very small bw.
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_regression.TestKernelReg.test_mixed_mfx_ll_cvls ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_regression.TestKernelReg.test_ordered_lc_cvls ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_regression.TestKernelReg.test_significance_continuous ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_regression.TestKernelReg.test_significance_discrete ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_lowess.TestLowess.test_delta ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_lowess.TestLowess.test_frac ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_lowess.TestLowess.test_import ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_lowess.TestLowess.test_iter ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_lowess.TestLowess.test_options ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_lowess.TestLowess.test_simple ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_cov.test_HC_use ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_glsar_gretl.TestGLSARGretl.test_all ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_glsar_gretl.test_GLSARlag ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_glsar_stata.TestGLSARCorc.test_params_table ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_glsar_stata.TestGLSARCorc.test_predicted ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_glsar_stata.TestGLSARCorc.test_rho ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightBofinger.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightBofinger.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightBofinger.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightBofinger.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightBofinger.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightBofinger.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightBofinger.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightBofinger.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightBofinger.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightBofinger.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightBofinger.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightChamberlain.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightChamberlain.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightChamberlain.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightChamberlain.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightChamberlain.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightChamberlain.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightChamberlain.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightChamberlain.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightChamberlain.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightChamberlain.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightChamberlain.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightHsheather.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightHsheather.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightHsheather.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightHsheather.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightHsheather.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightHsheather.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightHsheather.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightHsheather.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightHsheather.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightHsheather.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestBiweightHsheather.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineBofinger.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineBofinger.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineBofinger.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineBofinger.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineBofinger.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineBofinger.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineBofinger.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineBofinger.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineBofinger.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineBofinger.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineBofinger.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineChamberlain.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineChamberlain.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineChamberlain.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineChamberlain.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineChamberlain.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineChamberlain.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineChamberlain.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineChamberlain.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineChamberlain.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineChamberlain.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineChamberlain.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineHsheather.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineHsheather.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineHsheather.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineHsheather.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineHsheather.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineHsheather.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineHsheather.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineHsheather.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineHsheather.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineHsheather.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestCosineHsheather.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnik,426:0ovBofinger.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovBofinger.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovBofinger.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovBofinger.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovBofinger.test_df_resid ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovBofinger.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovBofinger.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovBofinger.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovBofinger.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovBofinger.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovBofinger.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovChamberlain.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovChamberlain.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovChamberlain.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovChamberlain.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovChamberlain.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovChamberlain.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovChamberlain.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovChamberlain.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovChamberlain.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovChamberlain.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovChamberlain.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheather.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheather.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheather.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheather.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheather.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheather.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheather.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheather.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheather.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheather.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheather.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheatherQ75.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheatherQ75.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheatherQ75.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheatherQ75.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheatherQ75.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheatherQ75.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheatherQ75.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheatherQ75.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheatherQ75.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheatherQ75.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestEpanechnikovHsheatherQ75.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianBofinger.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianBofinger.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianBofinger.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianBofinger.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianBofinger.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianBofinger.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianBofinger.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianBofinger.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianBofinger.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianBofinger.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianBofinger.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianChamberlain.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianChamberlain.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianChamberlain.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianChamberlain.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianChamberlain.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianChamberlain.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianChamberlain.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianChamberlain.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianChamberlain.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianChamberlain.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianChamberlain.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianHsheather.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianHsheather.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianHsheather.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianHsheather.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianHsheather.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianHsheather.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianHsheather.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianHsheather.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianHsheather.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianHsheather.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestGaussianHsheather.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneBofinger.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneBofinger.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneBofinger.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneBofinger.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneBofinger.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneBofinger.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneBofinger.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneBofinger.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneBofinger.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneBofinger.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneBofinger.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneChamberlain.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneChamberlain.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneChamberlain.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneChamberlain.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneChamberlain.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneChamberlain.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneChamberlain.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneChamberlain.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneChamberlain.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneChamberlain.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneChamberlain.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneHsheather.test_bandwidth ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneHsheather.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneHsheather.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneHsheather.test_df_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneHsheather.test_df_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneHsheather.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneHsheather.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneHsheather.test_prsquared ... ok
statsmodel,274:0s.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneHsheather.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneHsheather.test_sparsity ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.TestParzeneHsheather.test_tvalues ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_quantile_regression.test_fitted_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_ess ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_mse_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_mse_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_mse_total ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFTest2.test_df_denom ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFTest2.test_df_num ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFTest2.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFTest2.test_new_ftest ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFTest2.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtest.test_Df_denom ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtest.test_Df_num ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtest.test_F ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtest.test_p ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtestQ.test_df_denom ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtestQ.test_df_num ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtestQ.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtestQ.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_missing ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_ess ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_mse_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_mse_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_mse_total ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_ess ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_mse_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_mse_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_mse_total ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_ess ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_mse_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_mse_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_mse_total ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_ess ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_mse_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_mse_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_mse_total ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression,10001:0.TestNxOneNx.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_ess ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_mse_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_mse_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_mse_total ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_HC0_errors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_HC1_errors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_HC2_errors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_HC3_errors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_ess ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_missing ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_mse_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_mse_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_mse_total ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_qr_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_qr_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_rsquared_adj_overfit ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_ess ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_mse_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_mse_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_mse_total ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestRTO.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest.test_df_denom ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest.test_effect ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest.test_new_tvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest.test_sd ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest.test_tvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest2.test_df_denom ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest2.test_effect ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest2.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest2.test_sd ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest2.test_tvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_ess ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_mse_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_mse_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_mse_total ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSExogWeights.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_ess ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_mse_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_mse_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_mse_total ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLSScalarVsArray.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_ess ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression,7545:0.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_mse_model ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_mse_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_mse_total ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestYuleWalker.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.test_wls_example ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.test_wls_tss ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.test_wls_missing ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.test_bad_size ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.test_const_indicator ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.test_706 ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_bcov_unscaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_confidenceintervals ... SKIP: Results from R
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_bcov_unscaled ... SKIP: No unscaled cov matrix from SAS
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_tvalues ... SKIP: No tvalues in benchmark
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_bcov_unscaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_confidenceintervals ... SKIP: Results from R
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_bcov_unscaled ... SKIP: No unscaled cov matrix from SAS
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_tvalues ... SKIP: No tvalues in benchmark
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_bcov_unscaled ... SKIP: No unscaled cov matrix from SAS
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_tvalues ... SKIP: No tvalues in benchmark
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_bcov_unscaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_confidenceintervals ... SKIP: Results from R
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_bcov_unscaled ... SKIP: No unscaled cov matrix from SAS
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_summary ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_tvalues ... SKIP: No tvalues in benchmark
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_bcov_unscaled ... SKIP: No unscaled cov matrix from SAS
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_tvalues ... SKIP: No tvalues in benchmark
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_bcov_unscaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_confidenceintervals ... SKIP: Results from R
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_tpvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_huber_Hampel ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_huber_huberT ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_huber_location ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_huber_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_mean ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_median ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_stand_mad ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestHuberAxes.test_axis1 ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestHuberAxes.test_axis2 ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestHuberAxes.test_axisneg1 ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestHuberAxes.test_default ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestMad.test_mad ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestMad.test_stand_mad ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestMadAxes.test_axis0 ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestMadAxes.test_axis1 ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestMadAxes.test_axis2 ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestMadAxes.test_axisneg1 ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_extras.test_skewnorm ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_extras.test_skewt ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.TestMVDistributions.test_mvn_pdf ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.TestMVDistributions.test_mvt_pdf ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.Test_MVN_MVT_prob.test_mvn_mvt_1 ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.Test_MVN_MVT_prob.test_mvn_mvt_2 ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.Test_MVN_MVT_prob.test_mvn_mvt_3 ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.Test_MVN_MVT_prob.test_mvn_mvt_4 ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.Test_MVN_MVT_prob.test_mvn_mvt_5 ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.testtransf.Test_Transf2.test_equivalent ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.testtransf.Test_Transf2.test_equivalent_negsq ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_kernel_extras.TestSemiLinear.test_basic ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother1.test_coef ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother1.test_df ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother1.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother2.test_coef ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother2.test_df ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother2.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother3.test_coef ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother3.test_df ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother3.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.panel.tests.test_random_panel.test_short_panel ... ok
test_call (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_contrast1 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_contrast2 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_contrast3 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_contrast4 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_design (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_factor1 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_factor2 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_factor3 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_factor4 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_factor5 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_interactions (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_intercept1 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_intercept3 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_namespace (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_ordinal_factor (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_ordinal_factor2 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_power (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_product (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_quantitative (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_str (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_subtract (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_termcolumns (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_add (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestTerm) ... ok
test_init (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestTerm) ... ok
test_mul (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestTerm) ... ok
test_str (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestTerm) ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestAdditiveModel.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestAdditiveModel.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMBinomial.test_mu ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMBinomial.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMBinomial.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMGamma.test_mu ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMGamma.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMGamma.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMPoisson.test_mu ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMPoisson.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMPoisson.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_pca.test_pca_princomp ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_pca.test_pca_svd ... ok
test_100_random_values (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_psturng) ... ok
test_handful_to_known_values (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_psturng) ... ok
test_invalid_parameters (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_psturng) ... ok
scalar input -> scalar output ... ok
test_v_equal_one (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_psturng) ... ok
vector input -> vector output ... ok
test_10000_to_ch (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_qsturng) ... ok
test_handful_to_ch (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_qsturng) ... ok
test_handful_to_tbl (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_qsturng) ... ok
test_invalid_parameters (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_qsturng) ... ok
scalar input -> scalar output ... ok
vector input -> vector output ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_anova.TestAnova2.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_anova.TestAnova2HC0.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_anova.TestAnova2HC1.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_anova.TestAnova2HC2.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_anova.TestAnova2HC3.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_anova.TestAnova3.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_anova.TestAnova3HC0.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_anova.TestAnova3HC1.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_anova.TestAnova3HC2.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_anova.TestAnova3HC3.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_anova.TestAnovaLM.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_anova.TestAnovaLMCompare.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_contrast.TestContrast.test_contrast1 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_contrast.TestContrast.test_contrast2 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_contrast.TestContrast.test_contrast3 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_contrast.TestContrast.test_estimable ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_corrpsd.TestCorrPSD1.test_clipped ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_corrpsd.TestCorrPSD1.test_cov_nearest ... /,429:0home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/stats/correlation_tools.py:82: UserWarning: maximum iteration reached
  warnings.warn('maximum iteration reached')
ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_corrpsd.TestCorrPSD1.test_nearest ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_corrpsd.TestCovPSD.test_cov_nearest ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_corrpsd.test_corr_psd ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_corrpsd.test_corrpsd_threshold ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_descriptivestats.test_sign_test ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_acorr_breush_godfrey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_acorr_ljung_box ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_basic ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_breaks_hansen ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_compare_lr ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_compare_nonnested ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_cusum_ols ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_hac ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_harvey_collier ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_het_arch ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_het_arch2 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_het_breush_pagan ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_het_goldfeldquandt ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_het_white ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_influence ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_normality ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_rainbow ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_recursive_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.test_outlier_influence_funcs ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.test_influence_wrapped ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.test_outlier_test ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_gof.test_chisquare_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_gof.test_chisquare ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_gof.test_chisquare_effectsize ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_groups_sw.TestBalanced.test_raises ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_groups_sw.TestBalanced.test_values ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_groups_sw.TestUnBalanced.test_raises ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_groups_sw.TestUnBalanced.test_values ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_inter_rater.TestWeightedCohens.test_option ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_inter_rater.TestWeightedCohens.test_results ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_inter_rater.test_fleiss_kappa ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_inter_rater.test_cohenskappa_weights ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_inter_rater.test_cohens_kappa_irr ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_inter_rater.test_fleiss_kappa_irr ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_inter_rater.test_to_table ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_inter_rater.test_aggregate_raters ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_moment_helpers.test_cov2corr ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_moment_helpers.test_moment_conversion ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_moment_helpers.test_moment_conversion_types ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.TestMultiTests1.test_multi_pvalcorrection ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.TestMultiTests2.test_multi_pvalcorrection ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.TestMultiTests3.test_multi_pvalcorrection ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.TestMultiTests4.test_multi_pvalcorrection ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.01 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.5001    ,  0.56675556,  0.63341111,  0.70006667,  0.76672222,\n        0.83337778,  0.90003333,  0.96668889,  1.        ,  1.        ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001    ,  0.5001   ,  0.5750875,  0.650075 ,  0.7250625,\n        0.80005  ,  0.8750375,  0.950025 ,  1.       ,  1.       ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.1   ,  0.5001,  0.5858,  0.6715,  0.7572,  0.8429,\n        0.9286,  1.    ,  1.    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0505    ,  0.1       ,  0.5001    ,  0.60008333,\n        0.70006667,  0.80005   ,  0.90003333,  1.        ,  1.        ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.034  ,  0.067  ,  0.1    ,  0.5001 ,  0.62008,\n        0.74006,  0.86004,  0.98002,  1.     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001   ,  0.02575 ,  0.0505  ,  0.07525 ,  0.1     ,  0.5001  ,\n        0.650075,  0.80005 ,  0.950025,  1.      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0208    ,  0.0406    ,  0.0604    ,  0.0802    ,\n        0.1       ,  0.5001    ,  0.70006667,  0.90003333,  1.        ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.0175 ,  0.034  ,  0.0505 ,  0.067  ,  0.0835 ,\n        0.1    ,  0.5001 ,  0.80005,  1.     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01514286,  0.02928571,  0.04342857,  0.05757143,\n        0.07171429,  0.08585714,  0.1       ,  0.5001    ,  1.        ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001   ,  0.013375,  0.02575 ,  0.038125,  0.0505  ,  0.062875,\n        0.07525 ,  0.087625,  0.1     ,  0.5001  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.012,  0.023,  0.034,  0.045,  0.056,  0.067,  0.078,\n        0.089,  0.1  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.01 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0,10001:0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.40132608,  0.44202995,  0.48022595,  0.51605239,  0.54964083,\n        0.58111642,  0.61059815,  0.63819907,  0.66402662,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.40132608,  0.4469387 ,  0.48939946,  0.52890346,\n        0.56563515,  0.59976885,  0.6314692 ,  0.66089162,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.45319283,  0.50097976,\n        0.54497469,  0.58544747,  0.62265103,  0.65682223,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.04936771,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.46143263,\n        0.51605239,  0.56563515,  0.61059815,  0.65132802,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.03348449,  0.06501562,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,\n        0.47278065,  0.53646586,  0.59314191,  0.64350311,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.02545366,  0.04936771,  0.07275231,  0.09561792,\n        0.40132608,  0.48939946,  0.56563515,  0.6314692 ,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.02060639,  0.03986621,  0.05878449,  0.07736662,\n        0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.51605239,  0.61059815,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01736283,  0.03348449,  0.04936771,  0.06501562,\n        0.08043134,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.56563515,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01504008,  0.02890277,  0.04258961,  0.05610259,\n        0.06944367,  0.08261481,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01329479,  0.02545366,  0.03747752,  0.04936771,\n        0.06112553,  0.07275231,  0.08424935,  0.09561792,  0.40132608])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01193541,  0.0227634 ,  0.03348449,  0.0440996 ,\n        0.05460967,  0.06501562,  0.07531838,  0.08551884,  0.09561792])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.01 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.09 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.04545,  0.08   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,\n        0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.0306,  0.0536,  0.07  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ,\n        0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001   ,  0.023175,  0.0404  ,  0.052675,  0.06    ,  0.11    ,\n        0.11    ,  0.11    ,  0.11    ,  0.11    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.01872,  0.03248,  0.04228,  0.04812,  0.05   ,\n        0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=,10001:0bool), 'case sh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.01575,  0.0272 ,  0.03535,  0.04   ,  0.04   ,\n        0.04   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01362857,  0.02342857,  0.03      ,  0.03      ,\n        0.03      ,  0.03      ,  0.03      ,  0.10002   ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001    ,  0.0120375,  0.02     ,  0.02     ,  0.02     ,\n        0.02     ,  0.02     ,  0.02     ,  0.02     ,  0.05001  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.01 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,\n        0.01 ,  0.01 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.01 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.40132608,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,\n        0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.3698103 ,  0.37738638,  0.37738638,  0.37738638,\n        0.37738638,  0.37738638,  0.37738638,  0.37738638,  0.37738638])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.08648275,  0.33663543,  0.34463395,  0.34463395,\n        0.34463395,  0.34463395,  0.34463395,  0.34463395,  0.34463395])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.04454265,  0.07725531,  0.30171416,  0.31016691,\n        0.31016691,  0.31016691,  0.31016691,  0.31016691,  0.31016691])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.03018712,  0.05235978,  0.06793465,  0.26495454,\n        0.27390128,  0.27390128,  0.27390128,  0.27390128,  0.27390128])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.02293773,  0.0396931 ,  0.05150066,  0.05851985,\n        0.22625979,  0.23575517,  0.23575517,  0.23575517,  0.23575517])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.018565  ,  0.03202219,  0.04152155,  0.04716545,\n        0.04900995,  0.18552804,  0.1956603 ,  0.1956603 ,  0.1956603 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.0156402 ,  0.02687851,  0.03481893,  0.03953264,\n        0.04105857,  0.04105857,  0.14265207,  0.1536092 ,  0.1536092 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01354631,  0.02318983,  0.03000679,  0.03404949,\n        0.03534652,  0.03534652,  0.03534652,  0.097519  ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.0119733 ,  0.0204153 ,  0.02638419,  0.02992003,\n        0.03104465,  0.03104465,  0.03104465,  0.03104465,  0.05001   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.0107483 ,  0.01825256,  0.02355861,  0.02669807,\n        0.02768815,  0.02768815,  0.02768815,  0.02768815,  0.02768815])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.01 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.5001 ,  0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008,\n        0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.45009,  0.46007,  0.46007,  0.46007,  0.46007,\n        0.46007,  0.46007,  0.46007,  0.46007])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.09   ,  0.40008,  0.41006,  0.41006,  0.41006,\n        0.41006,  0.41006,  0.41006,  0.41006])') ... ok
statsmodels,10001:0.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.04545,  0.08   ,  0.35007,  0.36005,  0.36005,\n        0.36005,  0.36005,  0.36005,  0.36005])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.0306 ,  0.0536 ,  0.07   ,  0.30006,  0.31004,\n        0.31004,  0.31004,  0.31004,  0.31004])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001   ,  0.023175,  0.0404  ,  0.052675,  0.06    ,  0.25005 ,\n        0.26003 ,  0.26003 ,  0.26003 ,  0.26003 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.01872,  0.03248,  0.04228,  0.04812,  0.05   ,\n        0.20004,  0.21002,  0.21002,  0.21002])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.01575,  0.0272 ,  0.03535,  0.0402 ,  0.04175,\n        0.04175,  0.15003,  0.16001,  0.16001])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01362857,  0.02342857,  0.0304    ,  0.03454286,\n        0.03585714,  0.03585714,  0.03585714,  0.10002   ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001    ,  0.0120375,  0.0206   ,  0.0266875,  0.0303   ,\n        0.0314375,  0.0314375,  0.0314375,  0.0314375,  0.05001  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.0108,  0.0184,  0.0238,  0.027 ,  0.028 ,  0.028 ,\n        0.028 ,  0.028 ,  0.028 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.01 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.09 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.045,  0.08 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.03  ,  0.0469,  0.07  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ,\n        0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.0225 ,  0.035  ,  0.04515,  0.06   ,  0.11   ,\n        0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.018  ,  0.02436,  0.0302 ,  0.0401 ,  0.05   ,\n        0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.015 ,  0.02  ,  0.025 ,  0.0268,  0.0334,  0.04  ,\n        0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01285714,  0.015     ,  0.01737143,  0.02      ,\n        0.02151429,  0.02575714,  0.03      ,  0.10002   ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01125   ,  0.0125    ,  0.01333333,  0.015     ,\n        0.015     ,  0.01505   ,  0.017525  ,  0.02      ,  0.05001   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  Tr,10001:0ue,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.01 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,\n        0.01 ,  0.01 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.01 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.05 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.02525   ,  0.03333333,  0.11      ,  0.11      ,\n        0.11      ,  0.11      ,  0.11      ,  0.11      ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.017     ,  0.02233333,  0.025     ,  0.10002   ,\n        0.10334667,  0.10572286,  0.107505  ,  0.10889111,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.012875  ,  0.01683333,  0.0188125 ,  0.02      ,\n        0.08335   ,  0.09286786,  0.10000625,  0.10555833,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0104    ,  0.01353333,  0.0151    ,  0.01604   ,\n        0.01666667,  0.07144286,  0.08750833,  0.1000037 ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.01 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.00875   ,  0.01133333,  0.012625  ,  0.0134    ,\n        0.01391667,  0.01428571,  0.0625125 ,  0.08889444,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.01 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.00757143,  0.0097619 ,  0.01085714,  0.01151429,\n        0.01195238,  0.01226531,  0.0125    ,  0.05556667,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.01 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0066875 ,  0.00858333,  0.00953125,  0.0101    ,\n        0.01047917,  0.01075   ,  0.01095312,  0.01111111,  0.05001   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.01 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.006     ,  0.00766667,  0.0085    ,  0.009     ,\n        0.00933333,  0.00957143,  0.00975   ,  0.00988889,  0.01      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.01 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,\n        0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,\n        0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.14644841,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,\n        0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.07395645,  0.09763228,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,\n        0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.04979246,  0.06541362,  0.07322421,  0.2929554 ,\n        0.30269911,  0.30965889,  0.31487873,  0.31893861,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ],10001:0)\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.03771047,  0.0493043 ,  0.05510122,  0.05857937,\n        0.2441295 ,  0.27200701,  0.29291513,  0.30917701,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.03046127,  0.0396387 ,  0.04422742,  0.04698065,\n        0.04881614,  0.20925386,  0.25630913,  0.29290767,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.02562847,  0.03319497,  0.03697822,  0.03924817,\n        0.04076147,  0.0418424 ,  0.18309713,  0.26036901,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.02217647,  0.02859231,  0.03180023,  0.03372498,\n        0.03500814,  0.03592469,  0.0366121 ,  0.162753  ,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.01958748,  0.02514031,  0.02791673,  0.02958258,\n        0.03069315,  0.03148641,  0.03208136,  0.03254409,  0.1464777 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.01757381,  0.02245542,  0.02489623,  0.02636071,\n        0.02733704,  0.02803441,  0.02855744,  0.02896424,  0.02928968])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.01 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.1111,  0.1111,  0.1111,  0.1111,  0.1111,  0.1111,  0.1111,\n        0.1111,  0.1111,  0.1111])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000909,  0.09999 ,  0.09999 ,  0.09999 ,  0.09999 ,  0.09999 ,\n        0.09999 ,  0.09999 ,  0.09999 ,  0.09999 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000909,  0.04545 ,  0.09999 ,  0.09999 ,  0.09999 ,  0.09999 ,\n        0.09999 ,  0.09999 ,  0.09999 ,  0.09999 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000909  ,  0.02295225,  0.0303    ,  0.09999   ,  0.09999   ,\n        0.09999   ,  0.09999   ,  0.09999   ,  0.09999   ,  0.09999   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000909  ,  0.015453  ,  0.020301  ,  0.022725  ,  0.09091818,\n        0.09394212,  0.09610208,  0.09772204,  0.09898202,  0.09999   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000909  ,  0.01170337,  0.0153015 ,  0.01710056,  0.01818   ,\n        0.07576515,  0.08441688,  0.09090568,  0.09595253,  0.09999   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.01 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000909  ,  0.0094536 ,  0.0123018 ,  0.0137259 ,  0.01458036,\n        0.01515   ,  0.06494156,  0.07954507,  0.09090337,  0.09999   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.01 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000808  ,  0.00707   ,  0.00915733,  0.010201  ,  0.0108272 ,\n        0.01124467,  0.01154286,  0.0505101 ,  0.07182671,  0.08888   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.01 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000707  ,  0.005353  ,  0.00690167,  0.007676  ,  0.0081406 ,\n        0.00845033,  0.00867157,  0.0088375 ,  0.03928563,  0.07777   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.01 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000606  ,  0.00405263,  0.0052015 ,  0.00577594,  0.0061206 ,\n        0.00635038,  0.0065145 ,  0.00663759,  0.00673333,  0.03030606])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.01 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000101  ,  0.000606  ,  0.00077433,  0.0008585 ,  0.000909  ,\n        0.00094267,  0.00096671,  0.00098475,  0.00099878,  0.00101   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.01 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi,9221:0.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0009,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,\n        0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0009,  0.045 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,\n        0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0009  ,  0.022725,  0.03    ,  0.099   ,  0.099   ,  0.099   ,\n        0.099   ,  0.099   ,  0.099   ,  0.099   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0009    ,  0.0153    ,  0.0201    ,  0.0225    ,  0.090018  ,\n        0.093012  ,  0.09515057,  0.0967545 ,  0.098002  ,  0.099     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0009    ,  0.0115875 ,  0.01515   ,  0.01693125,  0.018     ,\n        0.075015  ,  0.08358107,  0.09000562,  0.0950025 ,  0.099     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.01 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0009    ,  0.00936   ,  0.01218   ,  0.01359   ,  0.014436  ,\n        0.015     ,  0.06429857,  0.0787575 ,  0.09000333,  0.099     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.01 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0008    ,  0.007     ,  0.00906667,  0.0101    ,  0.01072   ,\n        0.01113333,  0.01142857,  0.05001   ,  0.07111556,  0.088     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.01 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0007    ,  0.0053    ,  0.00683333,  0.0076    ,  0.00806   ,\n        0.00836667,  0.00858571,  0.00875   ,  0.03889667,  0.077     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.01 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0006    ,  0.0040125 ,  0.00515   ,  0.00571875,  0.00606   ,\n        0.0062875 ,  0.00645   ,  0.00657187,  0.00666667,  0.030006  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.01 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.006     ,  0.00766667,  0.0085    ,  0.009     ,\n        0.00933333,  0.00957143,  0.00975   ,  0.00988889,  0.01      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.01 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,\n        0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,\n        0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.04545455,  0.14038043,  0.14038043,  0.14038043,\n        0.14038043,  0.14038043,  0.14038043,  0.14038043,  0.14038043])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.02284034,  0.02693603,  0.09212465,  0.09212465,\n        0.09212465,  0.09212465,  0.09212465,  0.09212465,  0.09212465])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.0153522 ,  0.01798718,  0.01798718,  0.06317119,\n        0.06317119,  0.06317119,  0.06317119,  0.06317119,  0.06317119])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.01 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.01161741,  0.01353502,  0.01353502,  0.01353502,\n        0.04386888,  0.04386888,  0.04386888,  0.04386888,  0.04386888])') ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.01 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00937951,  0.0108708 ,  0.0108708 ,  0.0108708 ,\n        0.0108708 ,  0.03008152,  0.03008152,  0.03008152,  0.03008152])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.01 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00788881,  0.0090976 ,  0.0090976 ,  0.0090976 ,\n        0.0090976 ,  0.0090976 ,  0.019741  ,  0.019741  ,  0.019741  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.01 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00682462,  0.00783246,  0.00783246,  0.00783246,\n        0.00783246,  0.00783246,  0.00783246,  0.01169837,  0.01235955])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.01 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00602681,  0.00688439,  0.00688439,  0.00688439,\n        0.00688439,  0.00688439,  0.00688439,  0.00688439,  0.00688439])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.01 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00540649,  0.00614747,  0.00614747,  0.00614747,\n        0.00614747,  0.00614747,  0.00614747,  0.00614747,  0.00614747])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.05 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.5001    ,  0.56675556,  0.63341111,  0.70006667,  0.76672222,\n        0.83337778,  0.90003333,  0.96668889,  1.        ,  1.        ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001    ,  0.5001   ,  0.5750875,  0.650075 ,  0.7250625,\n        0.80005  ,  0.8750375,  0.950025 ,  1.       ,  1.       ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.1   ,  0.5001,  0.5858,  0.6715,  0.7572,  0.8429,\n        0.9286,  1.    ,  1.    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0505    ,  0.1       ,  0.5001    ,  0.60008333,\n        0.70006667,  0.80005   ,  0.90003333,  1.        ,  1.        ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.034  ,  0.067  ,  0.1    ,  0.5001 ,  0.62008,\n        0.74006,  0.86004,  0.98002,  1.     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001   ,  0.02575 ,  0.0505  ,  0.07525 ,  0.1     ,  0.5001  ,\n        0.650075,  0.80005 ,  0.950025,  1.      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0208    ,  0.0406    ,  0.0604    ,  0.0802    ,\n        0.1       ,  0.5001    ,  0.70006667,  0.90003333,  1.        ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.0175 ,  0.034  ,  0.0505 ,  0.067  ,  0.0835 ,\n        0.1    ,  0.5001 ,  0.80005,  1.     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.05 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01514286,  0.02928571,  0.04342857,  0.05757143,\n        0.07171429,  0.08585714,  0.1       ,  0.5001    ,  1.        ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.05 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001   ,  0.013375,  0.02575 ,  0.038125,  0.0505  ,  0.062875,\n        0.07525 ,  0.087625,  0.1     ,  0.5001  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.05 rejected:5\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.012,  0.023,  0.034,  0.045,  0.056,  0.067,  0.078,\n        0.089,  0.1  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.05 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.40132608,  0.44202995,  0.48022595,  0.51605239,  0.54964083,\n        0.58111642,  0.61059815,  0.63819907,  0.66402662,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,10001:0,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.40132608,  0.4469387 ,  0.48939946,  0.52890346,\n        0.56563515,  0.59976885,  0.6314692 ,  0.66089162,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.45319283,  0.50097976,\n        0.54497469,  0.58544747,  0.62265103,  0.65682223,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.04936771,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.46143263,\n        0.51605239,  0.56563515,  0.61059815,  0.65132802,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.03348449,  0.06501562,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,\n        0.47278065,  0.53646586,  0.59314191,  0.64350311,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.02545366,  0.04936771,  0.07275231,  0.09561792,\n        0.40132608,  0.48939946,  0.56563515,  0.6314692 ,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.02060639,  0.03986621,  0.05878449,  0.07736662,\n        0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.51605239,  0.61059815,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.05 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01736283,  0.03348449,  0.04936771,  0.06501562,\n        0.08043134,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.56563515,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.05 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01504008,  0.02890277,  0.04258961,  0.05610259,\n        0.06944367,  0.08261481,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.05 rejected:5\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01329479,  0.02545366,  0.03747752,  0.04936771,\n        0.06112553,  0.07275231,  0.08424935,  0.09561792,  0.40132608])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.05 rejected:5\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01193541,  0.0227634 ,  0.03348449,  0.0440996 ,\n        0.05460967,  0.06501562,  0.07531838,  0.08551884,  0.09561792])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.05 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.09 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.04545,  0.08   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,\n        0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.0306,  0.0536,  0.07  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ,\n        0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001   ,  0.023175,  0.0404  ,  0.052675,  0.06    ,  0.11    ,\n        0.11    ,  0.11    ,  0.11    ,  0.11    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.05 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.01872,  0.03248,  0.04228,  0.04812,  0.05   ,\n        0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.05 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.01575,  0.0272 ,  0.03535,  0.04   ,  0.04   ,\n        0.04   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtyp,10001:0e=bool), 'case sh 0.05 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01362857,  0.02342857,  0.03      ,  0.03      ,\n        0.03      ,  0.03      ,  0.03      ,  0.10002   ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.05 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001    ,  0.0120375,  0.02     ,  0.02     ,  0.02     ,\n        0.02     ,  0.02     ,  0.02     ,  0.02     ,  0.05001  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,\n        0.01 ,  0.01 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.05 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.40132608,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,\n        0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.3698103 ,  0.37738638,  0.37738638,  0.37738638,\n        0.37738638,  0.37738638,  0.37738638,  0.37738638,  0.37738638])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.08648275,  0.33663543,  0.34463395,  0.34463395,\n        0.34463395,  0.34463395,  0.34463395,  0.34463395,  0.34463395])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.04454265,  0.07725531,  0.30171416,  0.31016691,\n        0.31016691,  0.31016691,  0.31016691,  0.31016691,  0.31016691])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.03018712,  0.05235978,  0.06793465,  0.26495454,\n        0.27390128,  0.27390128,  0.27390128,  0.27390128,  0.27390128])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.02293773,  0.0396931 ,  0.05150066,  0.05851985,\n        0.22625979,  0.23575517,  0.23575517,  0.23575517,  0.23575517])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.05 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.018565  ,  0.03202219,  0.04152155,  0.04716545,\n        0.04900995,  0.18552804,  0.1956603 ,  0.1956603 ,  0.1956603 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.05 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.0156402 ,  0.02687851,  0.03481893,  0.03953264,\n        0.04105857,  0.04105857,  0.14265207,  0.1536092 ,  0.1536092 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.05 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01354631,  0.02318983,  0.03000679,  0.03404949,\n        0.03534652,  0.03534652,  0.03534652,  0.097519  ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.05 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.0119733 ,  0.0204153 ,  0.02638419,  0.02992003,\n        0.03104465,  0.03104465,  0.03104465,  0.03104465,  0.05001   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.0107483 ,  0.01825256,  0.02355861,  0.02669807,\n        0.02768815,  0.02768815,  0.02768815,  0.02768815,  0.02768815])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.05 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.5001 ,  0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008,\n        0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.45009,  0.46007,  0.46007,  0.46007,  0.46007,\n        0.46007,  0.46007,  0.46007,  0.46007])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.09   ,  0.40008,  0.41006,  0.41006,  0.41006,\n        0.41006,  0.41006,  0.41006,  0.41006])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.04545,  0.08   ,  0.35007,  0.36005,  0.36005,\n        0.36005,  0.36005,  0.36005,  0.36005],10001:0)') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.0306 ,  0.0536 ,  0.07   ,  0.30006,  0.31004,\n        0.31004,  0.31004,  0.31004,  0.31004])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001   ,  0.023175,  0.0404  ,  0.052675,  0.06    ,  0.25005 ,\n        0.26003 ,  0.26003 ,  0.26003 ,  0.26003 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.05 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.01872,  0.03248,  0.04228,  0.04812,  0.05   ,\n        0.20004,  0.21002,  0.21002,  0.21002])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.05 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.01575,  0.0272 ,  0.03535,  0.0402 ,  0.04175,\n        0.04175,  0.15003,  0.16001,  0.16001])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.05 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01362857,  0.02342857,  0.0304    ,  0.03454286,\n        0.03585714,  0.03585714,  0.03585714,  0.10002   ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.05 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001    ,  0.0120375,  0.0206   ,  0.0266875,  0.0303   ,\n        0.0314375,  0.0314375,  0.0314375,  0.0314375,  0.05001  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.0108,  0.0184,  0.0238,  0.027 ,  0.028 ,  0.028 ,\n        0.028 ,  0.028 ,  0.028 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.05 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.09 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.045,  0.08 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.03  ,  0.0469,  0.07  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ,\n        0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.05 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.0225 ,  0.035  ,  0.04515,  0.06   ,  0.11   ,\n        0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.05 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.018  ,  0.02436,  0.0302 ,  0.0401 ,  0.05   ,\n        0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.05 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.015 ,  0.02  ,  0.025 ,  0.0268,  0.0334,  0.04  ,\n        0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.05 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01285714,  0.015     ,  0.01737143,  0.02      ,\n        0.02151429,  0.02575714,  0.03      ,  0.10002   ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.05 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01125   ,  0.0125    ,  0.01333333,  0.015     ,\n        0.015     ,  0.01505   ,  0.017525  ,  0.02      ,  0.05001   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,\n        0.01 ,  0.01 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False,,10001:0 False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.05 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.05 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.02525   ,  0.03333333,  0.11      ,  0.11      ,\n        0.11      ,  0.11      ,  0.11      ,  0.11      ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.05 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.017     ,  0.02233333,  0.025     ,  0.10002   ,\n        0.10334667,  0.10572286,  0.107505  ,  0.10889111,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.05 rejected:5\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.012875  ,  0.01683333,  0.0188125 ,  0.02      ,\n        0.08335   ,  0.09286786,  0.10000625,  0.10555833,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.05 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0104    ,  0.01353333,  0.0151    ,  0.01604   ,\n        0.01666667,  0.07144286,  0.08750833,  0.1000037 ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.05 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.00875   ,  0.01133333,  0.012625  ,  0.0134    ,\n        0.01391667,  0.01428571,  0.0625125 ,  0.08889444,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.05 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.00757143,  0.0097619 ,  0.01085714,  0.01151429,\n        0.01195238,  0.01226531,  0.0125    ,  0.05556667,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.05 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0066875 ,  0.00858333,  0.00953125,  0.0101    ,\n        0.01047917,  0.01075   ,  0.01095312,  0.01111111,  0.05001   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.006     ,  0.00766667,  0.0085    ,  0.009     ,\n        0.00933333,  0.00957143,  0.00975   ,  0.00988889,  0.01      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.05 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,\n        0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,\n        0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.14644841,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,\n        0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.07395645,  0.09763228,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,\n        0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.04979246,  0.06541362,  0.07322421,  0.2929554 ,\n        0.30269911,  0.30965889,  0.31487873,  0.31893861,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.03771047,  0.0493043 ,  0.05510122,  0.05857937,\n        0.2441295 ,  0.27200701,  0.29291513,  0.30917701,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.05 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01  ,10001:0    ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.03046127,  0.0396387 ,  0.04422742,  0.04698065,\n        0.04881614,  0.20925386,  0.25630913,  0.29290767,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.05 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.02562847,  0.03319497,  0.03697822,  0.03924817,\n        0.04076147,  0.0418424 ,  0.18309713,  0.26036901,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.05 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.02217647,  0.02859231,  0.03180023,  0.03372498,\n        0.03500814,  0.03592469,  0.0366121 ,  0.162753  ,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.05 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.01958748,  0.02514031,  0.02791673,  0.02958258,\n        0.03069315,  0.03148641,  0.03208136,  0.03254409,  0.1464777 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.01757381,  0.02245542,  0.02489623,  0.02636071,\n        0.02733704,  0.02803441,  0.02855744,  0.02896424,  0.02928968])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.05 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.1155,  0.1155,  0.1155,  0.1155,  0.1155,  0.1155,  0.1155,\n        0.1155,  0.1155,  0.1155])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000945,  0.10395 ,  0.10395 ,  0.10395 ,  0.10395 ,  0.10395 ,\n        0.10395 ,  0.10395 ,  0.10395 ,  0.10395 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000945,  0.04725 ,  0.10395 ,  0.10395 ,  0.10395 ,  0.10395 ,\n        0.10395 ,  0.10395 ,  0.10395 ,  0.10395 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000735  ,  0.01855875,  0.0245    ,  0.08085   ,  0.08085   ,\n        0.08085   ,  0.08085   ,  0.08085   ,  0.08085   ,  0.08085   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.05 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00063   ,  0.01071   ,  0.01407   ,  0.01575   ,  0.0630126 ,\n        0.0651084 ,  0.0666054 ,  0.06772815,  0.0686014 ,  0.0693    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.05 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000525  ,  0.00675937,  0.0088375 ,  0.00987656,  0.0105    ,\n        0.04375875,  0.04875563,  0.05250328,  0.05541813,  0.05775   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00042   ,  0.004368  ,  0.005684  ,  0.006342  ,  0.0067368 ,\n        0.007     ,  0.030006  ,  0.0367535 ,  0.04200156,  0.0462    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000315  ,  0.00275625,  0.00357   ,  0.00397688,  0.004221  ,\n        0.00438375,  0.0045    ,  0.01969144,  0.02800175,  0.03465   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00021   ,  0.00159   ,  0.00205   ,  0.00228   ,  0.002418  ,\n        0.00251   ,  0.00257571,  0.002625  ,  0.011669  ,  0.0231    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.000105  ,  0.00070219,  0.00090125,  0.00100078,  0.0010605 ,\n        0.00110031,  0.00112875,  0.00115008,  0.00116667,  0.00525105])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00105   ,  0.0063    ,  0.00805   ,  0.008925  ,  0.00945   ,\n        0.0098    ,  0.01005   ,  0.0102375 ,  0.01038333,  0.0105    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.05 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0009,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,\n        0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ])') ... ok
statsmode,5793:0ls.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0008,  0.04  ,  0.088 ,  0.088 ,  0.088 ,  0.088 ,  0.088 ,\n        0.088 ,  0.088 ,  0.088 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0007    ,  0.017675  ,  0.02333333,  0.077     ,  0.077     ,\n        0.077     ,  0.077     ,  0.077     ,  0.077     ,  0.077     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.05 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0006    ,  0.0102    ,  0.0134    ,  0.015     ,  0.060012  ,\n        0.062008  ,  0.06343371,  0.064503  ,  0.06533467,  0.066     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.05 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0005    ,  0.0064375 ,  0.00841667,  0.00940625,  0.01      ,\n        0.041675  ,  0.04643393,  0.05000312,  0.05277917,  0.055     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0004    ,  0.00416   ,  0.00541333,  0.00604   ,  0.006416  ,\n        0.00666667,  0.02857714,  0.03500333,  0.04000148,  0.044     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0003    ,  0.002625  ,  0.0034    ,  0.0037875 ,  0.00402   ,\n        0.004175  ,  0.00428571,  0.01875375,  0.02666833,  0.033     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0002    ,  0.00151429,  0.00195238,  0.00217143,  0.00230286,\n        0.00239048,  0.00245306,  0.0025    ,  0.01111333,  0.022     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00066875,  0.00085833,  0.00095312,  0.00101   ,\n        0.00104792,  0.001075  ,  0.00109531,  0.00111111,  0.005001  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.006     ,  0.00766667,  0.0085    ,  0.009     ,\n        0.00933333,  0.00957143,  0.00975   ,  0.00988889,  0.01      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.05 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,\n        0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659])') ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.05 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,\n        0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.05 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.04545455,  0.14038043,  0.14038043,  0.14038043,\n        0.14038043,  0.14038043,  0.14038043,  0.14038043,  0.14038043])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.05 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.02284034,  0.02693603,  0.09212465,  0.09212465,\n        0.09212465,  0.09212465,  0.09212465,  0.09212465,  0.09212465])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.05 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.0153522 ,  0.01798718,  0.01798718,  0.06317119,\n        0.06317119,  0.06317119,  0.06317119,  0.06317119,  0.06317119])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.01161741,  0.01353502,  0.01353502,  0.01353502,\n        0.04386888,  0.04386888,  0.04386888,  0.04386888,  0.04386888])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00937951,  0.0108708 ,  0.0108708 ,  0.0108708 ,\n        0.0108708 ,  0.03008152,  0.03008152,  0.03008152,  0.03008152])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00788881,  0.0090976 ,  0.0090976 ,  0.0090976 ,\n        0.0090976 ,  0.0090976 ,  0.019741  ,  0.019741  ,  0.019741  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00682462,  0.00783246,  0.00783246,  0.00783246,\n        0.00783246,  0.00783246,  0.00783246,  0.01169837,  0.01235955])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00602681,  0.00688439,  0.00688439,  0.00688439,\n        0.00688439,  0.00688439,  0.00688439,  0.00688439,  0.00688439])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.05 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00540649,  0.00614747,  0.00614747,  0.00614747,\n        0.00614747,  0.00614747,  0.00614747,  0.00614747,  0.00614747])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.10 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.5001    ,  0.56675556,  0.63341111,  0.70006667,  0.76672222,\n        0.83337778,  0.90003333,  0.96668889,  1.        ,  1.        ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.10 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001    ,  0.5001   ,  0.5750875,  0.650075 ,  0.7250625,\n        0.80005  ,  0.8750375,  0.950025 ,  1.       ,  1.       ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.10 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.1   ,  0.5001,  0.5858,  0.6715,  0.7572,  0.8429,\n        0.9286,  1.    ,  1.    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.10 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0505    ,  0.1       ,  0.5001    ,  0.60008333,\n        0.70006667,  0.80005   ,  0.90003333,  1.        ,  1.        ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.10 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.034  ,  0.067  ,  0.1    ,  0.5001 ,  0.62008,\n        0.74006,  0.86004,  0.98002,  1.     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.10 rejected:5\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001   ,  0.02575 ,  0.0505  ,  0.07525 ,  0.1     ,  0.5001  ,\n        0.650075,  0.80005 ,  0.950025,  1.      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.10 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0208    ,  0.0406    ,  0.0604    ,  0.0802    ,\n        0.1       ,  0.5001    ,  0.70006667,  0.90003333,  1.        ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  Tr,10001:0ue,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.10 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.0175 ,  0.034  ,  0.0505 ,  0.067  ,  0.0835 ,\n        0.1    ,  0.5001 ,  0.80005,  1.     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.10 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01514286,  0.02928571,  0.04342857,  0.05757143,\n        0.07171429,  0.08585714,  0.1       ,  0.5001    ,  1.        ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.10 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001   ,  0.013375,  0.02575 ,  0.038125,  0.0505  ,  0.062875,\n        0.07525 ,  0.087625,  0.1     ,  0.5001  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case b 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.012,  0.023,  0.034,  0.045,  0.056,  0.067,  0.078,\n        0.089,  0.1  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.10 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.40132608,  0.44202995,  0.48022595,  0.51605239,  0.54964083,\n        0.58111642,  0.61059815,  0.63819907,  0.66402662,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.10 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.40132608,  0.4469387 ,  0.48939946,  0.52890346,\n        0.56563515,  0.59976885,  0.6314692 ,  0.66089162,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.10 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.45319283,  0.50097976,\n        0.54497469,  0.58544747,  0.62265103,  0.65682223,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.10 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.04936771,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.46143263,\n        0.51605239,  0.56563515,  0.61059815,  0.65132802,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.10 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.03348449,  0.06501562,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,\n        0.47278065,  0.53646586,  0.59314191,  0.64350311,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.10 rejected:5\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.02545366,  0.04936771,  0.07275231,  0.09561792,\n        0.40132608,  0.48939946,  0.56563515,  0.6314692 ,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.10 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.02060639,  0.03986621,  0.05878449,  0.07736662,\n        0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.51605239,  0.61059815,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.10 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01736283,  0.03348449,  0.04936771,  0.06501562,\n        0.08043134,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.56563515,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.10 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01504008,  0.02890277,  0.04258961,  0.05610259,\n        0.06944367,  0.08261481,  0.09561792,  0.40132608,  0.6881828 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.10 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01329479,  0.02545366,  0.03747752,  0.04936771,\n        0.06112553,  0.07275231,  0.08424935,  0.09561792,  0.40132608])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case s 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01193541,  0.0227634 ,  0.03348449,  0.0440996 ,\n        0.05460967,  0.06501562,  0.07531838,  0.08551884,  0.09561792])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.10 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.10 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.10 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.09 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(ar,10001:0ray([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.10 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.04545,  0.08   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,\n        0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.10 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.0306,  0.0536,  0.07  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ,\n        0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.10 rejected:5\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001   ,  0.023175,  0.0404  ,  0.052675,  0.06    ,  0.11    ,\n        0.11    ,  0.11    ,  0.11    ,  0.11    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.10 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.01872,  0.03248,  0.04228,  0.04812,  0.05   ,\n        0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.10 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.01575,  0.0272 ,  0.03535,  0.04   ,  0.04   ,\n        0.04   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.10 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01362857,  0.02342857,  0.03      ,  0.03      ,\n        0.03      ,  0.03      ,  0.03      ,  0.10002   ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001    ,  0.0120375,  0.02     ,  0.02     ,  0.02     ,\n        0.02     ,  0.02     ,  0.02     ,  0.02     ,  0.05001  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case sh 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,\n        0.01 ,  0.01 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.10 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.40132608,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,\n        0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675,  0.40850675])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.10 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.3698103 ,  0.37738638,  0.37738638,  0.37738638,\n        0.37738638,  0.37738638,  0.37738638,  0.37738638,  0.37738638])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.10 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.08648275,  0.33663543,  0.34463395,  0.34463395,\n        0.34463395,  0.34463395,  0.34463395,  0.34463395,  0.34463395])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.10 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.04454265,  0.07725531,  0.30171416,  0.31016691,\n        0.31016691,  0.31016691,  0.31016691,  0.31016691,  0.31016691])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.10 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.03018712,  0.05235978,  0.06793465,  0.26495454,\n        0.27390128,  0.27390128,  0.27390128,  0.27390128,  0.27390128])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.10 rejected:5\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.02293773,  0.0396931 ,  0.05150066,  0.05851985,\n        0.22625979,  0.23575517,  0.23575517,  0.23575517,  0.23575517])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.10 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.018565  ,  0.03202219,  0.04152155,  0.04716545,\n        0.04900995,  0.18552804,  0.1956603 ,  0.1956603 ,  0.1956603 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.10 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.0156402 ,  0.02687851,  0.03481893,  0.03953264,\n        0.04105857,  0.04105857,  0.14265207,  0.1536092 ,  0.1536092 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.10 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.01354631,  0.02318983,  0.03000679,  0.03404949,\n        0.03534652,  0.03534652,  0.03534652,  0.097519  ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0,10001:0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.0119733 ,  0.0204153 ,  0.02638419,  0.02992003,\n        0.03104465,  0.03104465,  0.03104465,  0.03104465,  0.05001   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case hs 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099955,  0.0107483 ,  0.01825256,  0.02355861,  0.02669807,\n        0.02768815,  0.02768815,  0.02768815,  0.02768815,  0.02768815])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.10 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.5001 ,  0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008,\n        0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008,  0.51008])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.10 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.45009,  0.46007,  0.46007,  0.46007,  0.46007,\n        0.46007,  0.46007,  0.46007,  0.46007])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.10 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.09   ,  0.40008,  0.41006,  0.41006,  0.41006,\n        0.41006,  0.41006,  0.41006,  0.41006])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.10 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.04545,  0.08   ,  0.35007,  0.36005,  0.36005,\n        0.36005,  0.36005,  0.36005,  0.36005])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.10 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.0306 ,  0.0536 ,  0.07   ,  0.30006,  0.31004,\n        0.31004,  0.31004,  0.31004,  0.31004])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.10 rejected:5\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001   ,  0.023175,  0.0404  ,  0.052675,  0.06    ,  0.25005 ,\n        0.26003 ,  0.26003 ,  0.26003 ,  0.26003 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.10 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.01872,  0.03248,  0.04228,  0.04812,  0.05   ,\n        0.20004,  0.21002,  0.21002,  0.21002])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.10 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.01575,  0.0272 ,  0.03535,  0.0402 ,  0.04175,\n        0.04175,  0.15003,  0.16001,  0.16001])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.10 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01362857,  0.02342857,  0.0304    ,  0.03454286,\n        0.03585714,  0.03585714,  0.03585714,  0.10002   ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001    ,  0.0120375,  0.0206   ,  0.0266875,  0.0303   ,\n        0.0314375,  0.0314375,  0.0314375,  0.0314375,  0.05001  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case h 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.0108,  0.0184,  0.0238,  0.027 ,  0.028 ,  0.028 ,\n        0.028 ,  0.028 ,  0.028 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.10 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.10 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.10 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.09 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.10 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.045,  0.08 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.10 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.03  ,  0.0469,  0.07  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ,\n        0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.10 rejected:5\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.0225 ,  0.035  ,  0.04515,  0.06   ,  0.11   ,\n        0.11   ,  0.11  ,10001:0 ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.10 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001  ,  0.018  ,  0.02436,  0.0302 ,  0.0401 ,  0.05   ,\n        0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ,  0.11   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.10 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001 ,  0.015 ,  0.02  ,  0.025 ,  0.0268,  0.0334,  0.04  ,\n        0.11  ,  0.11  ,  0.11  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.10 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01285714,  0.015     ,  0.01737143,  0.02      ,\n        0.02151429,  0.02575714,  0.03      ,  0.10002   ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.01125   ,  0.0125    ,  0.01333333,  0.015     ,\n        0.015     ,  0.01505   ,  0.017525  ,  0.02      ,  0.05001   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case hommel 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,  0.01 ,\n        0.01 ,  0.01 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.10 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.10 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.10 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001,  0.05 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,  0.11 ,\n        0.11 ,  0.11 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.10 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.02525   ,  0.03333333,  0.11      ,  0.11      ,\n        0.11      ,  0.11      ,  0.11      ,  0.11      ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.10 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.017     ,  0.02233333,  0.025     ,  0.10002   ,\n        0.10334667,  0.10572286,  0.107505  ,  0.10889111,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.10 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.012875  ,  0.01683333,  0.0188125 ,  0.02      ,\n        0.08335   ,  0.09286786,  0.10000625,  0.10555833,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.10 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0104    ,  0.01353333,  0.0151    ,  0.01604   ,\n        0.01666667,  0.07144286,  0.08750833,  0.1000037 ,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.10 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.00875   ,  0.01133333,  0.012625  ,  0.0134    ,\n        0.01391667,  0.01428571,  0.0625125 ,  0.08889444,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.10 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.00757143,  0.0097619 ,  0.01085714,  0.01151429,\n        0.01195238,  0.01226531,  0.0125    ,  0.05556667,  0.11      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0066875 ,  0.00858333,  0.00953125,  0.0101    ,\n        0.01047917,  0.01075   ,  0.01095312,  0.01111111,  0.05001   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_i 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.006     ,  0.00766667,  0.0085    ,  0.009     ,\n        0.00933333,  0.00957143,  0.00975   ,  0.00988889,  0.01      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.10 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,\n        0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.10 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.0725,10001:00625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,\n        0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.10 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.14644841,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,\n        0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.10 rejected:3\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.07395645,  0.09763228,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,\n        0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.10 rejected:4\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.04979246,  0.06541362,  0.07322421,  0.2929554 ,\n        0.30269911,  0.30965889,  0.31487873,  0.31893861,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.10 rejected:5\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.03771047,  0.0493043 ,  0.05510122,  0.05857937,\n        0.2441295 ,  0.27200701,  0.29291513,  0.30917701,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.10 rejected:6\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.03046127,  0.0396387 ,  0.04422742,  0.04698065,\n        0.04881614,  0.20925386,  0.25630913,  0.29290767,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.10 rejected:7\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.02562847,  0.03319497,  0.03697822,  0.03924817,\n        0.04076147,  0.0418424 ,  0.18309713,  0.26036901,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.10 rejected:8\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.02217647,  0.02859231,  0.03180023,  0.03372498,\n        0.03500814,  0.03592469,  0.0366121 ,  0.162753  ,  0.32218651])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.10 rejected:9\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.01958748,  0.02514031,  0.02791673,  0.02958258,\n        0.03069315,  0.03148641,  0.03208136,  0.03254409,  0.1464777 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_n 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00292897,  0.01757381,  0.02245542,  0.02489623,  0.02636071,\n        0.02733704,  0.02803441,  0.02855744,  0.02896424,  0.02928968])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.10 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.121,  0.121,  0.121,  0.121,  0.121,  0.121,  0.121,  0.121,\n        0.121,  0.121])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.10 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00099,  0.1089 ,  0.1089 ,  0.1089 ,  0.1089 ,  0.1089 ,\n        0.1089 ,  0.1089 ,  0.1089 ,  0.1089 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00088,  0.044  ,  0.0968 ,  0.0968 ,  0.0968 ,  0.0968 ,\n        0.0968 ,  0.0968 ,  0.0968 ,  0.0968 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00077   ,  0.0194425 ,  0.02566667,  0.0847    ,  0.0847    ,\n        0.0847    ,  0.0847    ,  0.0847    ,  0.0847    ,  0.0847    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00066   ,  0.01122   ,  0.01474   ,  0.0165    ,  0.0660132 ,\n        0.0682088 ,  0.06977709,  0.0709533 ,  0.07186813,  0.0726    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00044   ,  0.005665  ,  0.00740667,  0.0082775 ,  0.0088    ,\n        0.036674  ,  0.04086186,  0.04400275,  0.04644567,  0.0484    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00022   ,  0.002288  ,  0.00297733,  0.003322  ,  0.0035288 ,\n        0.00366667,  0.01571743,  0.01925183,  0.02200081,  0.0242    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00011   ,  0.0009625 ,  0.00124667,  0.00138875,  0.001474  ,\n        0.00153083,,5785:0  0.00157143,  0.00687638,  0.00977839,  0.0121    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.00011   ,  0.00083286,  0.00107381,  0.00119429,  0.00126657,\n        0.00131476,  0.00134918,  0.001375  ,  0.00611233,  0.0121    ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0011    ,  0.00735625,  0.00944167,  0.01048438,  0.01111   ,\n        0.01152708,  0.011825  ,  0.01204844,  0.01222222,  0.055011  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbky 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0011    ,  0.0066    ,  0.00843333,  0.00935   ,  0.0099    ,\n        0.01026667,  0.01052857,  0.010725  ,  0.01087778,  0.011     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.10 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11,  0.11])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0009,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ,\n        0.099 ,  0.099 ,  0.099 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0008,  0.04  ,  0.088 ,  0.088 ,  0.088 ,  0.088 ,  0.088 ,\n        0.088 ,  0.088 ,  0.088 ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0007    ,  0.017675  ,  0.02333333,  0.077     ,  0.077     ,\n        0.077     ,  0.077     ,  0.077     ,  0.077     ,  0.077     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0006    ,  0.0102    ,  0.0134    ,  0.015     ,  0.060012  ,\n        0.062008  ,  0.06343371,  0.064503  ,  0.06533467,  0.066     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0003    ,  0.0038625 ,  0.00505   ,  0.00564375,  0.006     ,\n        0.025005  ,  0.02786036,  0.03000187,  0.0316675 ,  0.033     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0002    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00270667,  0.00302   ,  0.003208  ,\n        0.00333333,  0.01428857,  0.01750167,  0.02000074,  0.022     ])') ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.000875  ,  0.00113333,  0.0012625 ,  0.00134   ,\n        0.00139167,  0.00142857,  0.00625125,  0.00888944,  0.011     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00075714,  0.00097619,  0.00108571,  0.00115143,\n        0.00119524,  0.00122653,  0.00125   ,  0.00555667,  0.011     ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.0066875 ,  0.00858333,  0.00953125,  0.0101    ,\n        0.01047917,  0.01075   ,  0.01095312,  0.01111111,  0.05001   ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_tsbh 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.001     ,  0.006     ,  0.00766667,  0.0085    ,  0.009     ,\n        0.00933333,  0.00957143,  0.00975   ,  0.00988889,  0.01      ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.10 rejected:0\npval_raw=array([ 0.05001   ,  0.05667556,  0.06334111,  0.07000667,  0.07667222,\n        0.08333778,  0.09000333,  0.09666889,  0.10333444,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,\n        0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659,  0.52642659])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.10 rejected:1\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.05001   ,  0.05750875,  0.0650075 ,  0.07250625,\n        0.080005  ,  0.08750375,  0.0950025 ,  0.10250125,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,\n        0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197,  0.23689197])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True, False, False, False, False, False, False, False, False], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.10 rejected:2\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001 ,  0.01   ,  0.05001,  0.05858,  0.06715,  0.07572,\n        0.08429,  0.09286,  0.10143,  0.11   ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.04545455,  0.14038043,  0.14038043,  0.14038043,\n        0.14038043,  0.14038043,  0.14038043,  0.14038043,  0.14038043])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00505   ,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.06000833,\n        0.07000667,  0.080005  ,  0.09000333,  0.10000167,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.02284034,  0.02693603,  0.09212465,  0.09212465,\n        0.09212465,  0.09212465,  0.09212465,  0.09212465,  0.09212465])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.0034  ,  0.0067  ,  0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.062008,\n        0.074006,  0.086004,  0.098002,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.0153522 ,  0.01798718,  0.01798718,  0.06317119,\n        0.06317119,  0.06317119,  0.06317119,  0.06317119,  0.06317119])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.002575 ,  0.00505  ,  0.007525 ,  0.01     ,\n        0.05001  ,  0.0650075,  0.080005 ,  0.0950025,  0.11     ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.01161741,  0.01353502,  0.01353502,  0.01353502,\n        0.04386888,  0.04386888,  0.04386888,  0.04386888,  0.04386888])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00208   ,  0.00406   ,  0.00604   ,  0.00802   ,\n        0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.07000667,  0.09000333,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00937951,  0.0108708 ,  0.0108708 ,  0.0108708 ,\n        0.0108708 ,  0.03008152,  0.03008152,  0.03008152,  0.03008152])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001  ,  0.00175 ,  0.0034  ,  0.00505 ,  0.0067  ,  0.00835 ,\n        0.01    ,  0.05001 ,  0.080005,  0.11    ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00788881,  0.0090976 ,  0.0090976 ,  0.0090976 ,\n        0.0090976 ,  0.0090976 ,  0.019741  ,  0.019741  ,  0.019741  ])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001    ,  0.00151429,  0.00292857,  0.00434286,  0.00575714,\n        0.00717143,  0.00858571,  0.01      ,  0.05001   ,  0.11      ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00682462,  0.00783246,  0.00783246,  0.00783246,\n        0.00783246,  0.00783246,  0.00783246,  0.01169837,  0.01235955])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001   ,  0.0013375,  0.002575 ,  0.0038125,  0.00505  ,\n        0.0062875,  0.007525 ,  0.0087625,  0.01     ,  0.05001  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00602681,  0.00688439,  0.00688439,  0.00688439,\n        0.00688439,  0.00688439,  0.00688439,  0.00688439,  0.00688439])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_pvalcorrection_reject(array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), array([ True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True,  True], dtype=bool), 'case fdr_gbs 0.10 rejected:10\npval_raw=array([ 0.0001,  0.0012,  0.0023,  0.0034,  0.0045,  0.0056,  0.0067,\n        0.0078,  0.0089,  0.01  ])\npvalscorr=array([ 0.0010001 ,  0.00540649,  0.00614747,  0.00614747,  0.00614747,\n        0.00614747,  0.00614747,  0.00614747,  0.00614747,  0.00614747])') ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_hommel ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_fdr_bky ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_tukeyhsd ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_nonparametric.test_mcnemar_exact ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_nonparametric.test_mcnemar_chisquare ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_nonparametric.test_mcnemar_vectorized ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_nonparametric.test_symmetry_bowker ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_nonparametric.test_cochransq ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_nonparametric.test_cochransq2 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_nonparametric.test_cochransq3 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_nonparametric.test_runstest ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_nonparametric.test_runstest_2sample ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD2.test_group_tukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD2.test_multicomptukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD2.test_shortcut_function ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD2s.test_group_tukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD2s.test_multicomptukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD2s.tes,1190:0t_shortcut_function ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD3.test_group_tukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD3.test_multicomptukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD3.test_shortcut_function ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD4.test_group_tukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD4.test_hochberg_intervals ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD4.test_multicomptukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD4.test_shortcut_function ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_panel_robustcov.test_panel_robust_cov ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestChisquarePower.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestChisquarePower.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestChisquarePower.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestChisquarePower.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestFtestAnovaPower.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestFtestAnovaPower.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestFtestAnovaPower.test_power_plot ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestFtestAnovaPower.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestFtestPower.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestFtestPower.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestFtestPower.test_power_plot ... SKIP: skip FTestPower plot_power
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestFtestPower.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower1.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower1.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower1.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower1.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower2.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower2.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower2.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower2.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower_onesamp1.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower_onesamp1.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower_onesamp1.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower_onesamp1.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower_onesamp2.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower_onesamp2.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower_onesamp2.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestNormalIndPower_onesamp2.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS1.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS1.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS1.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS1.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS2.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS2.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS2.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS2.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS3.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS3.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS3.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS3.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS4.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS4.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS4.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS4.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS5.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS5.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS5.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS5.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS6.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS6.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS6.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerOneS6.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS1.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS1.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS1.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS1.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS2.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS2.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS2.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS2.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS3.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS3.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS3.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS3.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS4.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS4.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS4.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS4.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS5.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS5.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS5.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS5.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS6.test_positional ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS6.test_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS6.test_power_plot ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.TestTTPowerTwoS6.test_roots ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.test_normal_power_explicit ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.test_ftest_power ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.test_power_solver ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_power.test_power_solver_warn ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.TestProportion.test_pairwiseproptest ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.TestProportion.test_proptest ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.test_confint_proportion ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.test_samplesize_confidenceinterval_prop ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.test_proportion_effect_size ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.test_binom_test ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.test_binom_rejection_interval ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.test_binom_tost ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.test_power_binom_tost ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.test_power_ztost_prop ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.test_ztost ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.test_power_ztost_prop_norm ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_proportion.test_proportion_ztests ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_qsturng.test_qstrung ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_sandwich.test_cov_cluster_2groups ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_sandwich.test_hac_simple ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_statstools.test_durbin_watson ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_statstools.test_omni_normtest ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_statstools.test_omni_normtest_axis ... /usr/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/scipy/stats/stats.py:1199: UserWarning: kurtosistest only valid for n>=20 ... continuing anyway, n=15
  int(n))
ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_statstools.test_jarque_bera ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_statstools.test_shapiro ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_statstools.test_adnorm ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_statstools.test_durbin_watson_pandas ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_tost.TestTosti1.test_pval ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_tost.TestTosti2.test_pval ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_tost.TestTostip1.test_pval ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_tost.TestTostip2.test_pval ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_tost.TestTostp1.test_pval ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_tost.TestTostp1.test_special ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_tost.TestTostp2.test_pval ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_tost.test_tost_log ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_tost.test_tost_asym ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_tost.test_ttest ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats.test_weightstats_1 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats.test_weightstats_2 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats.test_weightstats_3 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats.test_weightstats_ddof_tests ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats1d_ddof.test_basic ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats1d_ddof.test_confint_mean ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats1d_ddof.test_ttest ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats1d_ddof.test_ttest_2sample ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d.test_basic ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d.test_confint_mean ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d.test_corr ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d.test_ttest ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d.test_ttest_2sample ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d_ddof.test_basic ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d_ddof.test_confint_mean ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d_ddof.test_corr ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d_ddof.test_ttest ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d_ddof.test_ttest_2sample ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d_nobs.test_basic ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d_nobs.test_confint_mean ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d_nobs.test_corr ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d_nobs.test_ttest ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats2d_nobs.test_ttest_2sample ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestZTest.test ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.test_ttest_ind_with_uneq_var ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.test_ztest_ztost ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_catadd.test_add_indep ... ok
Fixes GH: #144 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_data.test_structarray ... ok
sta,934:0tsmodels.tools.tests.test_data.test_recarray ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_data.test_dataframe ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_data.test_patsy_577 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_eval_measures.test_eval_measures ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_eval_measures.test_ic ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun.test_grad_fun1_cs ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun.test_grad_fun1_fd ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun.test_grad_fun1_fdc ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun.test_hess_fun1_cs ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun.test_hess_fun1_fd ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun1.test_grad_fun1_cs ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun1.test_grad_fun1_fd ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun1.test_grad_fun1_fdc ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun1.test_hess_fun1_cs ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun1.test_hess_fun1_fd ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun2.test_grad_fun1_cs ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun2.test_grad_fun1_fd ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun2.test_grad_fun1_fdc ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun2.test_hess_fun1_cs ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun2.test_hess_fun1_fd ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestGradLogit.test_hess ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestGradLogit.test_score ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestGradMNLogit.test_hess ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_numdiff.TestGradMNLogit.test_score ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_parallel.test_parallel ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_rootfinding.test_brentq_expanding ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_array1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_array1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_array2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_array2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_recarray1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_recarray1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_recarray2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_recarray2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_recarray2dint ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_structarray1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_structarray1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_structarray2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_structarray2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_structarray2dint ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_array1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_array1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_array2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_array2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_arraylike1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_arraylike1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_arraylike2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_arraylike2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_recarray1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_recarray1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_recarray2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_recarray2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_recarray2dint ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_structarray1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_structarray1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_structarray2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_structarray2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_structarray2dint ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestNanDot.test_11 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestNanDot.test_12 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestNanDot.test_13 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestNanDot.test_14 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestNanDot.test_23 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestNanDot.test_24 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestNanDot.test_25 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestNanDot.test_32 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestNanDot.test_41 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestNanDot.test_66 ... ok
test_add_constant_1d (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_add_constant_has_constant1d (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_add_constant_has_constant2d (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_add_constant_list (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_fullrank (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_rank (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_recipr (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_recipr0 (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_estimable ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_rec_issue302 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_issue302 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_pandas_const_series ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_pandas_const_series_prepend ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_pandas_const_df ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_pandas_const_df_prepend ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_chain_dot ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_base.test_pandas_nodates_index ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_base.test_predict_freq ... ERROR
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_base.test_keyerror_start_date ... ERROR
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_datetools.test_date_from_idx ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_datetools.test_idx_from_date ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_datetools.test_regex_matching_month ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_datetools.test_regex_matching_quarter ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_datetools.test_dates_from_range ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_datetools.test_infer_freq ... ok
Test Baxter King band-pass filter. Results are taken from Stata ... ok
Test Baxter-King band-pass filter with 2d input ... ok
Test Hodrick-Prescott Filter. Results taken from Stata. ... ok
Test Christiano-Fitzgerald Filter. Results taken from R. ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.filters.tests.test_filters.test_bking_pandas ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.filters.tests.test_filters.test_cfitz_pandas ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.filters.tests.test_filters.test_hpfilter_pandas ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.interp.tests.test_denton.test_denton_quarterly ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.interp.tests.test_denton.test_denton_quarterly2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_svar.TestSVAR.test_A ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_svar.TestSVAR.test_B ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_acf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_acorr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_causality ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_constructor ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_cov_ybar ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_detsig ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_fevd_cov ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_fevd_plot ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_fevd_repr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_fevd_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_forecast_interval ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_fpe ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_get_eq_index ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_irf_coefs ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_is_stable ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_lagorder_select ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_ma_rep ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_plot ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_plot_acorr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_plot_cum_effects ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_plot_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_plot_irf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_plot_sim ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_reorder ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_repr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_select_order ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_stderr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_tstat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResultsLutkepohl.test_approx_mse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResultsLutkepohl.test_cum_irf_stderr ... ok
stats,379:0models.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResultsLutkepohl.test_irf_stderr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResultsLutkepohl.test_lr_effect_stderr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.test_lutkepohl_parse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.test_get_trendorder ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_adfuller_lag.test_adf_autolag ... ok
,10001:0statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestARMLEConstant.test_dynamic_predict ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestARMLEConstant.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSConstant.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSConstant.test_fpe ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSConstant.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSConstant.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSConstant.test_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSConstant.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSNoConstant.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSNoConstant.test_fpe ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSNoConstant.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSNoConstant.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSNoConstant.test_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSNoConstant.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAutolagAR.test_ic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.test_ar_dates ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.test_ar_named_series ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.test_ar_start_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.test_ar_series ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA101.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_dynamic_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_freq ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_order ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_predict_levels ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_dynamic_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_order ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_predict_levels ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA111CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_freq ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_order ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_predict_levels ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_ARIMA112CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests,764:0.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
,10001:0statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.tes,1591:0t_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
,10001:0statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ari,1995:0ma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_compare_arma ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_reset_trend ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_start_params_bug ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_mle_dates ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arma_predict_mle_dates ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_css_dates ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arma_predict_css_dates ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_mle ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arma_predict_indices ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_indices ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_indices_css ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_css ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_css_diffs ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_mle_diffs ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_1dexog ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_bug ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_q2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_pandas_nofreq ... ERROR
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_exog ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_no_diff ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_noma ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arimax ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_bad_start_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima_process.test_fi ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima_process.test_arma_impulse_response ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima_process.test_spectrum ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima_process.test_armafft ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestACF.test_acf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestACF.test_confint ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestACF.test_qstat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestACF_FFT.test_acf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestACF_FFT.test_qstat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstant.test_critvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstant.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstant.test_teststat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstant2.test_critvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstant2.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstant2.test_teststat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstantTrend.test_critvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstantTrend.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstantTrend.test_teststat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstantTrend2.test_critvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstantTrend2.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstantTrend2.test_teststat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFNoConstant.test_critvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFNoConstant.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFNoConstant.test_teststat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFNoConstant2.test_critvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFNoConstant2.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFNoConstant2.test_teststat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestCoint_t.test_tstat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestPACF.test_ld ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestPACF.test_ols ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestPACF.test_yw ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.test_grangercausality ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.test_pandasacovf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.test_acovf2d ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_acf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_ccf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_pacf_yw ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_pacf_ols ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_ywcoef ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_duplication_matrix ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_elimination_matrix ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_commutation_matrix ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_vec ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_vech ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_insert ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_noinsert ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_noinsert_atend ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_ndarray ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_noinsert_ndarray ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_noinsertatend_ndarray ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag1d ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag1d_struct ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_1d_drop_struct ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_drop_insert ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_drop_noinsert ... ok

======================================================================
ERROR: statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_base.test_predict_freq
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/usr/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/nose/case.py", line 197, in runTest
    self.test(*self.arg)
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/base/tests/test_base.py", line 34, in test_predict_freq
    start = model._get_predict_start("2006-4-30")
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/base/tsa_model.py", line 116, in _get_predict_start
    dtstart = self._str_to_date(start)
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/base/tsa_model.py", line 89, in _str_to_date
    return datetools.date_parser(date)
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/base/datetools.py", line 165, in date_parser
    **kwargs)
TypeError: unbound method parse() must be called with parser instance as first argument (got str instance instead)

======================================================================
ERROR: statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_base.test_keyerror_start_date
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/usr/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/nose/case.py", line 197, in runTest
    self.test(*self.arg)
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/base/tests/test_base.py", line 80, in test_keyerror_start_date
    npt.assert_raises(ValueError, model._get_predict_start, "1970-4-30")
  File "/usr/lib/pymodules/python2.7/numpy/testing/utils.py", line 1008, in assert_raises
    return nose.tools.assert_raises(*args,**kwargs)
  File "/usr/lib/python2.7/unittest/case.py", line 476, in assertRaises
    callableObj(*args, **kwargs)
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/base/tsa_model.py", line 116, in _get_predict_start
    dtstart = self._str_to_date(start)
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/base/tsa_model.py", line 89, in _str_to_date
    return datetools.date_parser(date)
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/base/datetools.py", line 165, in date_parser
    **kwargs)
TypeError: unbound method parse() must be called with parser instance as first argument (got str instance instead)

======================================================================
ERROR: statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima.test_arima_predict_pandas_nofreq
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/usr/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/nose/case.py", line 197, in runTest
    self.test(*self.arg)
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/tests/test_arima.py", line 1619, in test_arima_predict_pandas_nofreq
    predict = arma.predict()
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/base/wrapper.py", line 90, in wrapper
    return data.wrap_output(func(results, *args, **kwargs), how)
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/arima_model.py", line 1318, in predict
    return self.model.predict(self.params, start, end, exog, dynamic)
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/arima_model.py", line 608, in pre,1254:0dict
    end, out_of_sample = self._get_predict_end(end, dynamic)
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/arima_model.py", line 550, in _get_predict_end
    return super(ARMA, self)._get_predict_end(end)
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/base/tsa_model.py", line 188, in _get_predict_end
    self._make_predict_dates()
  File "/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-wheezy/statsmodels-py2_x-wheezy-sparc/build/venv/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/statsmodels-0.5.0-py2.7-linux-sparc64.egg/statsmodels/tsa/base/tsa_model.py", line 228, in _make_predict_dates
    dates = dates[start:end+1] # is this index inclusive?
TypeError: only integer arrays with one element can be converted to an index

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 2813 tests in 6264.524s

FAILED (SKIP=24, errors=3)
Optimization terminated successfully.
         Current function value: 5.327270
         Iterations: 381
         Function evaluations: 740
,59:2program finished with exit code 1
elapsedTime=6651.674119
,