750:2xvfb-run --auto-servernum '--server-args=-screen 0 1024x768x24' nosetests --verbosity=3 --exe statsmodels
 in dir /home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-sid/statsmodels-py2_x-sid-sparc/build/venv (timeout 1200 secs)
 watching logfiles {}
 argv: ['xvfb-run', '--auto-servernum', '--server-args=-screen 0 1024x768x24', 'nosetests', '--verbosity=3', '--exe', 'statsmodels']
 environment:
  HOME=/home/buildslave
  LOGNAME=buildslave
  MAIL=/var/mail/buildslave
  PATH=/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-sid/statsmodels-py2_x-sid-sparc/build/venv/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/local/games:/usr/games
  PWD=/home/buildslave/nd-bb-slave-sparc-sid/statsmodels-py2_x-sid-sparc/build/venv
  SHELL=/bin/sh
  TERM=xterm
  USER=buildslave
 using PTY: False
,10001:0nose.config: INFO: Ignoring files matching ['^\\.', '^_', '^setup\\.py$']
/usr/lib/pymodules/python2.7/statsmodels/tools/tools.py:306: FutureWarning: The default of `prepend` will be changed to True in 0.5.0, use explicit prepend
  FutureWarning)
/usr/lib/pymodules/python2.7/pandas/core/daterange.py:21: FutureWarning: DateRange is deprecated, use DatetimeIndex instead
  FutureWarning)
/usr/lib/pymodules/python2.7/statsmodels/tsa/vector_ar/var_model.py:340: FutureWarning: The names argument is deprecated and will be removed in the next release.
  "removed in the next release.", FutureWarning)
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrayDataFrame.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrayDataFrame.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrayDataFrame.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrayDataFrame.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrayDataFrame.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays1dExog.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays1dExog.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays1dExog.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays1dExog.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays1dExog.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays2dEndog.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays2dEndog.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays2dEndog.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays2dEndog.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestArrays2dEndog.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameArray.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameArray.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameArray.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameArray.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameArray.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameList.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameList.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameList.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameList.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrameList.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrames.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrames.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrames.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrames.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestDataFrames.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestListDataFrame.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestListDataFrame.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestListDataFrame.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestListDataFrame.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestListDataFrame.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestLists.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestLists.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestLists.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestLists.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestLists.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsArrays.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsArrays.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsArrays.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsArrays.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsArrays.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsDataFrames.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsDataFrames.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsDataFrames.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsDataFrames.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestMultipleEqsDataFrames.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestRecarrays.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestRecarrays.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestRecarrays.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestRecarrays.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestRecarrays.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesDataFrame.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesDataFrame.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesDataFrame.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesDataFrame.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesDataFrame.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesSeries.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesSeries.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesSeries.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesSeries.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestSeriesSeries.test_orig ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestStructarrays.test_attach ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestStructarrays.test_endogexog ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestStructarrays.test_labels ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestStructarrays.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_data.TestStructarrays.test_orig ... ok
Fix Issue #206 ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleGLM.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleGLM.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleGLM.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleLogit.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleLogit.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleLogit.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleOLS.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleOLS.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleOLS.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPicklePoisson.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPicklePoisson.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPicklePoisson.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleRLM.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleRLM.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleRLM.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleWLS.test_pickle_wrapper ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleWLS.test_remove_data_docstring ... ok
statsmodels.base.tests.test_shrink_pickle.TestRemoveDataPickleWLS.test_remove_data_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.compatnp.tests.test_itercompat.test_zip_longest ... ok
statsmodels.compatnp.tests.test_itercompat.test_combinations ... ok
SKIP
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_dummy_dydxmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_dummy_dydxoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_dummy_eydxmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_dummy_eydxoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_margeff ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dydxmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dydxmedian ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dydxoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dydxzero ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dyexmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dyexmedian ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dyexoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_dyexzero ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_exog1 ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_exog2 ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eydxmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eydxmedian .,2654:0.. ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eydxoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eydxzero ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eyexmean ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eyexmedian ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eyexoverall ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_nodummy_eyexzero ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestLogitNewton.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_endog_names ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_j ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_k ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_margeff ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestMNLogitNewtonBaseZero.test_zstat ... ok
,10001:0statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_margeff ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestPoissonNewton.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_margeff ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitBFGS.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_margeff ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitCG.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_margeff ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNCG.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_margeff ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNM.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_margeff ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitNewton.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_conf_int ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_dof ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_jac ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_llnull ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_llr ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_llr_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_loglikeobs ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_margeff ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_predict_xb ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.TestProbitPowell.test_zstat ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.test_perfect_prediction ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.test_poisson_predict ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.test_poisson_newton ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.test_issue_339 ... ok
statsmodels.discrete.tests.test_discrete.test_issue_341 ... ok
test_StepFunction (statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_ecdf.TestDistributions) ... ok
test_StepFunctionBadShape (statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_ecdf.TestDistributions) ... ok
test_StepFunctionRepeatedValues (statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_ecdf.TestDistributions) ... ok
test_StepFunctionValueSideRight (statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_ecdf.TestDistributions) ... ok
test_monotone_fn_inverter (statsmodels.distributions.tests.test_ecdf.TestDistributions) ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genm,356:0od.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_fittedvalues ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianInverse.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGaussianLog.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBernoulli.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmBinomial.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGamma.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaIdentity.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGammaLog.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmGaussian.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgauss.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussIdentity.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmInvgaussLog.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.,2003:0genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmNegbinomial.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoisson.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_aic_R ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_aic_Stata ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_null_deviance ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.TestGlmPoissonOffset.test_standard_errors ... ok
statsmodels.genmod.tests.test_glm.test_prefect_pred ... ok
Regression test for mutables and class constructors. ... ok
Test violinplot and beanplot with the same dataset. ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_factorplots.TestInteractionPlot.test_plot_both ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_factorplots.TestInteractionPlot.test_plot_pandas ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_factorplots.TestInteractionPlot.test_plot_rainbow ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_functional.test_banddepth_BD2 ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_functional.test_banddepth_MBD ... ok
Test fboxplot and rainbowplot together, is much faster. ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_gofplots.test_qqplot ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestABLine.test_abline_ab ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestABLine.test_abline_ab_ax ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestABLine.test_abline_model ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestABLine.test_abline_model_ax ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestPlot.test_plot_fit ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_regressionplots.TestPlot.test_plot_oth ... ok
statsmodels.graphics.tests.test_tsaplots.test_plotacf ... ok
Test genfromdta vs. results/macrodta.npy created with genfromtxt. ... ok
statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_pickle.test_pickle ... ok
Basic test, test_SimpleTable_1 ... ok
Test SimpleTable.extend_right() ... ok
Test SimpleTable.extend() as in extend down ... ok
Basic test, test_SimpleTable_4 ... ok
test_celldata (statsmodels.iolib.tests.test_table_econpy.test_Cell) ... ok
Limited test of custom custom labeling ... ok
Limited test of custom html_fmt ... ok
Limited test of custom ltx_fmt ... ok
Limited test of custom txt_fmt ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonMLE.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonMLE.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonOffset.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonOffset.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonZi.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.miscmodels.tests.test_poisson.TestPoissonZi.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kde.TestKDEBiweight.test_density ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kde.TestKDEEpanechnikov.test_density ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kde.TestKDEGauss.test_density ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kde.TestKDEGaussFFT.test_density ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kde.TestKDETriangular.test_density ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_kde.TestKdeWeights.test_density ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_lowess.TestLowess.test_frac ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_lowess.TestLowess.test_import ... /usr/lib/pymodules/python2.7/statsmodels/nonparametric/lowess.py:2: UserWarning: the module lowess is deprecated and will be removed in 0.5.The new module name is smoothers_lowess, and lowess (function)can be imported now through statsmodels.api
  warnings.warn('the module lowess is deprecated and will be removed in 0.5.'
ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_lowess.TestLowess.test_iter ... ok
statsmodels.nonparametric.tests.test_lowess.TestLowess.test_simple ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_cov.test_HC_use ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_glsar_gretl.TestGLSARGretl.test_all ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_glsar_gretl.test_GLSARlag ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_glsar_stata.TestGLSARCorc.test_params_table ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_glsar_stata.TestGLSARCorc.test_predicted ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_glsar_stata.TestGLSARCorc.test_rho ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_degrees ... ok
Explained Sum of Squares ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_mse_model ... ok
Mean squared error of residuals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestDataDimensions.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFTest2.test_df_denom ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFTest2.test_df_num ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFTest2.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFTest2.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtest.test_Df_denom ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtest.test_Df_num ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtest.test_F ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtest.test_p ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtestQ.test_df_denom ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtestQ.test_df_num ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtestQ.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestFtestQ.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_degrees ... ok
Explained Sum of Squares ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_mse_model ... ok
Mean squared error of residuals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_OLS.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_degrees ... ok
Explained Sum of Squares ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_mse_model ... ok
Mean squared error of residuals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestGLS_nosigma.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regre,10001:0ssion.TestNxNx.test_degrees ... ok
Explained Sum of Squares ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_mse_model ... ok
Mean squared error of residuals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNx.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_degrees ... ok
Explained Sum of Squares ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_mse_model ... ok
Mean squared error of residuals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxNxOne.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_degrees ... ok
Explained Sum of Squares ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_mse_model ... ok
Mean squared error of residuals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestNxOneNx.test_wresid ... ok
They are split up because the copied results do not have any DECIMAL_4 ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_HC1_errors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_HC2_errors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_HC3_errors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_degrees ... ok
Explained Sum of Squares ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_mse_model ... ok
Mean squared error of residuals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_qr_normalized_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_qr_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestOLS.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest.test_df_denom ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest.test_effect ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest.test_sd ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest.test_tvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest2.test_df_denom ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest2.test_effect ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest2.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest2.test_sd ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestTtest2.test_tvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_degrees ... ok
Explained Sum of Squares ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_mse_model ... ok
Mean squared error of residuals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_GLS.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_conf_int_subset ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_degrees ... ok
Explained Sum of Squares ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_fvalue ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_mse_model ... ok
Mean squared error of residuals ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_resids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_rsquared ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_rsquared_adj ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_sumof_squaredresids ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestWLS_OLS.test_wresid ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.TestYuleWalker.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.regression.tests.test_regression.test_bad_size ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_bcov_unscaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_confidenceintervals ... SKIP: Results from R
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_summary ... ok
,756:0statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampel.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_bcov_unscaled ... SKIP: No unscaled cov matrix from SAS
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_summary ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestHampelHuber.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_bcov_unscaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_confidenceintervals ... SKIP: Results from R
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlm.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_bcov_unscaled ... SKIP: No unscaled cov matrix from SAS
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrews.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_bcov_unscaled ... SKIP: No unscaled cov matrix from SAS
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmAndrewsHuber.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_bcov_unscaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_confidenceintervals ... SKIP: Results from R
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquare.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_bcov_unscaled ... SKIP: No unscaled cov matrix from SAS
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmBisquareHuber.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_bcov_unscaled ... SKIP: No unscaled cov matrix from SAS
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_confidenceintervals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmHuber.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_bcov_scaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_bcov_unscaled ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_confidenceintervals ... SKIP: Results from R
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_degrees ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_standarderrors ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_rlm.TestRlmSresid.test_weights ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_huber_Hampel ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_huber_huberT ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_huber_location ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_huber_scale ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_mean ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_median ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestChem.test_stand_mad ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestHuberAxes.test_axis1 ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestHuberAxes.test_axis2 ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestHuberAxes.test_axisneg1 ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestHuberAxes.test_default ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestMad.test_mad ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestMad.test_stand_mad ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestMadAxes.test_axis0 ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestMadAxes.test_axis1 ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestMadAxes.test_axis2 ... ok
statsmodels.robust.tests.test_scale.TestMadAxes.test_axisneg1 ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_extras.test_skewnorm ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_extras.test_skewt ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.TestMVDistributions.test_mvn_pdf ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.TestMVDistributions.test_mvt_pdf ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.Test_MVN_MVT_prob.test_mvn_mvt_1 ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.Test_MVN_MVT_prob.test_mvn_mvt_2 ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.Test_MVN_MVT_prob.test_mvn_mvt_3 ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.Test_MVN_MVT_prob.test_mvn_mvt_4 ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.test_multivariate.Test_MVN_MVT_prob.test_mvn_mvt_5 ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.testtransf.Test_Transf2.test_equivalent ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.distributions.tests.testtransf.Test_Transf2.test_equivalent_negsq ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother1.test_coef ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother1.test_df ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother1.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother2.test_coef ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother2.test_df ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother2.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother3.test_coef ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother3.test_df ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.nonparametric.tests.test_smoothers.TestPolySmoother3.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.panel.tests.test_random_panel.test_short_panel ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun.test_grad_fun1_cs ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun.test_grad_fun1_fd ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun.test_grad_fun1_fdc ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun.test_hess_fun1_cs ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun.test_hess_fun1_fd ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun1.test_grad_fun1_cs ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun1.test_grad_fun1_fd ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun1.test_grad_fun1_fdc ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun1.test_hess_fun1_cs ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun1.test_hess_fun1_fd ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun2.test_grad_fun1_cs ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun2.test_grad_fun1_fd ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun2.test_grad_fun1_fdc ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun2.test_hess_fun1_cs ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestDerivativeFun2.test_hess_fun1_fd ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestGradLogit.test_hess ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.regression.test_numdiff.TestGradLogit.test_score ... ok
test_call (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_contrast1 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_contrast2 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_contrast3 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_contrast4 (st,2627:0atsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_design (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_factor1 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_factor2 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_factor3 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_factor4 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_factor5 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_interactions (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_intercept1 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_intercept3 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_namespace (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_ordinal_factor (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_ordinal_factor2 (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_power (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_product (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_quantitative (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_str (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_subtract (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_termcolumns (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestFormula) ... ok
test_add (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestTerm) ... ok
test_init (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestTerm) ... ok
test_mul (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestTerm) ... ok
test_str (statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_formula.TestTerm) ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestAdditiveModel.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestAdditiveModel.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMBinomial.test_mu ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMBinomial.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMBinomial.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMGamma.test_mu ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMGamma.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMGamma.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMPoisson.test_mu ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMPoisson.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_gam.TestGAMPoisson.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_pca.test_pca_princomp ... ok
statsmodels.sandbox.tests.test_pca.test_pca_svd ... ok
test_100_random_values (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_psturng) ... ,10001:0ok
test_handful_to_known_values (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_psturng) ... ok
test_invalid_parameters (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_psturng) ... ok
scalar input -> scalar output ... ok
test_v_equal_one (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_psturng) ... ok
vector input -> vector output ... ok
test_10000_to_ch (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_qsturng) ... ok
test_handful_to_ch (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_qsturng) ... ok
test_handful_to_tbl (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_qsturng) ... ok
test_invalid_parameters (statsmodels.stats.libqsturng.tests.test_qsturng.test_qsturng) ... ok
scalar input -> scalar output ... ok
vector input -> vector output ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_contrast.TestContrast.test_contrast1 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_contrast.TestContrast.test_contrast2 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_contrast.TestContrast.test_contrast3 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_contrast.TestContrast.test_estimable ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_acorr_breush_godfrey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_acorr_ljung_box ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_basic ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_breaks_hansen ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_compare_lr ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_compare_nonnested ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_cusum_ols ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_hac ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_harvey_collier ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_het_arch ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_het_arch2 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_het_breush_pagan ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_het_goldfeldquandt ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_het_white ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_influence ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_normality ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_rainbow ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.TestDiagnosticG.test_recursive_residuals ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_diagnostic.test_influence_wrapped ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_groups_sw.TestBalanced.test_raises ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_groups_sw.TestBalanced.test_values ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_groups_sw.TestUnBalanced.test_raises ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_groups_sw.TestUnBalanced.test_values ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_moment_helpers.test_cov2corr ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_moment_helpers.test_moment_conversion ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_moment_helpers.test_moment_conversion_types ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_multi_pvalcorrection ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_hommel ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_fdr_bky ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_multi.test_tukeyhsd ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD2.test_group_tukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD2.test_multicomptukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD2.test_shortcut_function ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD2s.test_group_tukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD2s.test_multicomptukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD2s.test_shortcut_function ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD3.test_group_tukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD3.test_multicomptukey ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_pairwise.TestTuckeyHSD3.test_shortcut_function ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_panel_robustcov.test_panel_robust_cov ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_qsturng.test_qstrung ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_sandwich.test_cov_cluster_2groups ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_sandwich.test_hac_simple ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_statstools.test_durbin_watson ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_statstools.test_omni_normtest ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_statstools.test_jarque_bera ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_statstools.test_shapiro ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_statstools.test_adnorm ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats.test_weightstats_1 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats.test_weightstats_2 ... ok
statsmodels.stats.tests.test_weightstats.TestWeightstats.test_weightstats_3 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_catadd.test_add_indep ... ok
Fixes GH: #144 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_data.test_structarray ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_data.test_recarray ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_data.test_dataframe ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_eval_measures.test_eval_measures ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_eval_measures.test_ic ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_parallel.test_parallel ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_array1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_array1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_array2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_array2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_recarray1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_recarray1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_recarray2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_recarray2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_recarray2dint ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_structarray1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_structarray1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_structarray2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_structarray2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalNumerical.test_structarray2dint ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_array1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_array1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_array2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_array2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_arraylike1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_arraylike1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_arraylike2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_arraylike2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_recarray1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_recarray1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_recarray2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_recarray2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_recarray2dint ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_structarray1d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_structarray1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_structarray2d ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_structarray2d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestCategoricalString.test_structarray2dint ... ok
test_add_constant_1d (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_add_constant_has_constant1d (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_add_constant_has_constant2d (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_add_constant_list (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_fullrank (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_rank (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_recipr (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
test_recipr0 (statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.TestTools) ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_rec_issue302 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_issue302 ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_pandas_const_series ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_pandas_const_series_prepend ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_pandas_const_df ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_pandas_const_df_prepend ... ok
statsmodels.tools.tests.test_tools.test_chain_dot ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_datetools.test_date_from_idx ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_datetools.test_idx_from_date ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_datetools.test_regex_matching_month ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_datetools.test_regex_matching_quarter ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.base.tests.test_datetools.test_infer_freq ... ok
Test Baxter King band-pass filter. Results are taken from Stata ... ok
Test Baxter-King band-pass filter with 2d input ... ok
Test Hodrick-Prescott Filter. Results taken from Stata. ... ok
Test Christiano-Fitzgerald Filter. Results taken from R. ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.interp.tests.test_denton.test_denton_quarterly ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.interp.tests.test_denton.test_denton_quarterly2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_svar.TestSVAR.test_A ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_svar.TestSVAR.test_B ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test,772:0_acf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_acorr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_causality ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_constructor ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_cov_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_cov_ybar ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_detsig ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_fevd_cov ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_fevd_plot ... ,10001:0ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_fevd_repr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_fevd_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_forecast_interval ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_fpe ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_get_eq_index ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_irf_coefs ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_is_stable ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_lagorder_select ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_loglike ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_ma_rep ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_names ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_nobs ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_plot ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_plot_acorr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_plot_cum_effects ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_plot_forecast ... /usr/lib/pymodules/python2.7/matplotlib/legend.py:610: UserWarning: Legend does not support [<matplotlib.lines.Line2D object at 0x63ad330>]
Use proxy artist instead.

http://matplotlib.sourceforge.net/users/legend_guide.html#using-proxy-artist

  warnings.warn("Legend does not support %s\nUse proxy artist instead.\n\nhttp://matplotlib.sourceforge.net/users/legend_guide.html#using-proxy-artist\n" % (str(orig_handle),))
/usr/lib/pymodules/python2.7/matplotlib/legend.py:610: UserWarning: Legend does not support [<matplotlib.lines.Line2D object at 0x63ad670>]
Use proxy artist instead.

http://matplotlib.sourceforge.net/users/legend_guide.html#using-proxy-artist

  warnings.warn("Legend does not support %s\nUse proxy artist instead.\n\nhttp://matplotlib.sourceforge.net/users/legend_guide.html#using-proxy-artist\n" % (str(orig_handle),))
/usr/lib/pymodules/python2.7/matplotlib/legend.py:610: UserWarning: Legend does not support [<matplotlib.lines.Line2D object at 0x63ad9b0>]
Use proxy artist instead.

http://matplotlib.sourceforge.net/users/legend_guide.html#using-proxy-artist

  warnings.warn("Legend does not support %s\nUse proxy artist instead.\n\nhttp://matplotlib.sourceforge.net/users/legend_guide.html#using-proxy-artist\n" % (str(orig_handle),))
ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_plot_irf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_plot_sim ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_reorder ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_repr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_select_order ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_stderr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_summary ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResults.test_tstat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResultsLutkepohl.test_approx_mse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResultsLutkepohl.test_cum_irf_stderr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResultsLutkepohl.test_irf_stderr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.TestVARResultsLutkepohl.test_lr_effect_stderr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.test_lutkepohl_parse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.vector_ar.tests.test_var.test_get_trendorder ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_adfuller_lag.test_adf_autolag ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestARMLEConstant.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSConstant.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSConstant.test_fpe ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSConstant.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSConstant.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSConstant.test_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSConstant.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSNoConstant.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSNoConstant.test_fpe ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSNoConstant.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSNoConstant.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSNoConstant.test_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAROLSNoConstant.test_predict ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_ar.TestAutolagAR.test_ic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima_process.test_fi ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima_process.test_arma_impulse_response ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima_process.test_spectrum ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arima_process.test_armafft ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_Const_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA02_NoConst_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Tes,531:0t_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const.test_tvalues ... ok
,10001:0statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_Const_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_pickle ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA11_NoConst_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_Const_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA14_NoConst_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_Const_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa,1643:0.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA22_NoConst_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
,10001:0statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_Const_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA41_NoConst_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_Const_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_forecast ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_forecasterr ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_aic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_arroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_bic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_bse ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_covparams ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_fittedvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_hqic ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_llf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_maroots ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_params ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_pvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_resid ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_sigma2 ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.Test_Y_ARMA50_NoConst_CSS.test_tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.test_reset_trend ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_arma.test_start_params_bug ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestACF.test_acf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestACF.test_qstat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestACF_FFT.test_acf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestACF_FFT.test_qstat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstant.test_critvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstant.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstant.test_teststat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstant2.test_critvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstant2.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstant2.test_teststat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstantTrend.test_critvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstantTrend.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstantTrend.test_teststat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstantTrend2.test_cri,1623:0tvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstantTrend2.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFConstantTrend2.test_teststat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFNoConstant.test_critvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFNoConstant.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFNoConstant.test_teststat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFNoConstant2.test_critvalues ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFNoConstant2.test_pvalue ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestADFNoConstant2.test_teststat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestCoint_t.test_tstat ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestPACF.test_ld ... /usr/lib/pymodules/python2.7/statsmodels/tsa/stattools.py:690: FutureWarning: Numpy has detected that you (may be) writing to an array returned
by numpy.diagonal or by selecting multiple fields in a record
array. This code will likely break in the next numpy release --
see numpy.diagonal or arrays.indexing reference docs for details.
The quick fix is to make an explicit copy (e.g., do
arr.diagonal().copy() or arr[['f0','f1']].copy()).
  pacf_[0] = 1.
ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestPACF.test_ols ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.TestPACF.test_yw ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_stattools.test_grangercausality ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_acf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_ccf ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_pacf_yw ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_pacf_ols ... ,1306:0ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_ywcoef ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_duplication_matrix ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_elimination_matrix ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_commutation_matrix ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_vec ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_vech ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_insert ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_noinsert ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_noinsert_atend ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_ndarray ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_noinsert_ndarray ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_noinsertatend_ndarray ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag1d ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag1d_drop ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag1d_struct ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_1d_drop_struct ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_drop_insert ... ok
statsmodels.tsa.tests.test_tsa_tools.test_add_lag_drop_noinsert ... ok

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 1497 tests in 1517.335s

OK (SKIP=10)
,59:2program finished with exit code 0
elapsedTime=1936.381777
,